The ( 7 , 3 , 2 ) - von Dyck group , also sometimes termed the ( 2 , 3 , 7 ) - von Dyck group , is defined as the von Dyck group with parameters ( 7 , 3 , 2 ) .
In other words , it has the presentation : ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ⁷ = b ³ = c ² = abc = e ⟩ where e denotes the identity element .
This group is also sometimes termed the ( 7 , 3 , 2 ) - triangle group , though that name is also used for the ( 7,3,2 ) - triangle group , in which this is a subgroup of index two .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a 1-AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT subgroup if any 1-automorphism of G sends H to itself .
In other words , for every 1-automorphism φ of G , φ ( H ) ⊆ H.
A subgroup of a group is said to be 1-COMPLETED if there is a single element outside the subgroup such that that element , along with the subgroup , generates the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is said to be 1-COMPLETED if there is an element x in G such that the subgroup generated by H and x is the whole of G.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed 1-ENDOMORPHISM-INVARIANT if , given any 1-endomorphism φ of G , φ ( H ) ⊆ H.
Suppose G ₁ and G ₂ are groups .
We say that G ₁ and G ₂ are 1-ISOMORPHIC if there exists a 1-isomorphism between G ₁ and G ₂ , i.e. , a 1-homomorphism of groups from G ₁ to G ₂ whose inverse is also a 1-homomorphism .
In other words , there is a bijection between G ₁ and G ₂ whose restriction to any cyclic subgroup on either side is an isomorphism to its image .
G. A. Miller used the term _ conformal groups _ to describe what are referred to here are 1-isomorphic groups .
However , the term " conformal group " has a different , much more famous meaning as the group of angle-preserving symmetries of a geometric space .
A group G is termed a 2-DIVISIBLE GROUP if it is a divisible group for the prime 2 .
A group is said to be 2-GENERATED or is called a 2-GENERATOR GROUP if it has a generating set comprising at most two elements .
A subgroup of a group is termed 2-HYPERNORMALIZED if its normalizer is a normal subgroup .
A GROUP G is termed a 2-LOCALLY FINITE GROUP if , given any two elements g ₁ , g ₂ ∈ G , the subgroup ⟨ g ₁ , g ₂ ⟩ is a finite group .
A group is termed a 2-POWERED GROUP if it is powered over the prime 2 , i.e. , the square map is bijective from the group to itself , or equivalently , every element has a unique square root .
Equivalently , the group is powered over the ring ℤ [ 1/2 ] .
A subring of a Lie ring is termed a 2-SUB-IDEAL if it is an ideal of an ideal of the Lie ring .
A group is termed a 2-TORSION-FREE GROUP if it is torsion-free for the prime number 2 .
Explicitly , this means that the group has no element of order two , or equivalently , it has no non-identity element whose order is a power of 2 .
A group is termed a 3-ENGEL GROUP or GROUP OF LEVI CLASS TWO if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : For all x , y ∈ G , we have that [ x , [ x , [ x , y ] ] ] is the identity element of G where [ , ] denotes the group commutator .
In other words , the group is a bounded Engel group of Engel degree at most three .
Every subgroup arising as the normal subgroup generated by a singleton subset is a group of nilpotency class two .
A group is termed 3-ABELIAN if it is n-abelian for n = 3 , i.e. , the cube map is an endomorphism of the group .
A group is termed a 3-LOCALLY NILPOTENT GROUP if , for any subset of size at most three in the group , the subgroup generated by the subset is a nilpotent group .
Suppose G is a finite group and p is a prime number .
We say that G is a 3-STEP GROUP with respect to p : O _ ( p , p ′ ) ( G ) is a Frobenius group with Frobenius kernel O _ ( p ) ( G ) and cyclic complement of odd order .
In particular , this means that either p = 2 or G has odd order .
G = O _ ( p , p ′ , p ) ( G ) and _ strictly _ contains O _ ( p , p ′ ) ( G ) .
G/O _ ( p ) ( G ) is a Frobenius group with Frobenius kernel O _ ( p , p ′ ) ( G ) / O _ ( p ) ( G ) .
A 3-TRANSPOSITION GROUP is defined as a group that is either trivial or has a generating set that is a _ single _ conjugacy class whose elements are 3-transpositions , i.e. , involutions such that the product of any of them with any conjugate has order 1 , 2 , or 3 .
3-transposition groups were studied by Fischer .
In addition to various infinite families , he identified a small number of them , called Fischer groups , that did not fall into the infinite families .
This gave rise to three new sporadic simple groups .
A subgroup of a group is termed a 4-SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - It is a subnormal subgroup of subnormal depth at most four .
- It is a 2-subnormal subgroup of a 2-subnormal subgroup .
- It is a normal subgroup of a 3-subnormal subgroup .
- It is a 3-subnormal subgroup of a normal subgroup .
A finite group is termed an A-GROUP if every Sylow subgroup of it is Abelian .
A finite group G if for any prime p dividing the order of G and any p-Sylow subgroup P of G , P is Abelian .
A group property is termed ACU-CLOSED if , whenever there is an ascending chain of subgroups in a group , each having the group property , the union of those subgroups also has the property .
A group property p is termed ACU-CLOSED if , for any group G , any nonempty totally ordered set I , and any ascending chain H _ ( i ) of subgroups of G indexed by ordinals i ∈ I such that H _ ( i ) ≤ H _ ( j ) for i < j , the subgroup : ⋃ _ ( i ∈ I ) H _ ( i ) also satisfies property p.
A subgroup property is termed ACU-CLOSED ( or closed under _ ascending chain unions _ ) if given any ascending chain of subgroups , each of which has the property , the union of those subgroups also has the property .
The ascending chain here is indexed by natural numbers .
A subgroup property p is termed ACU-CLOSED if , for any group G , any nonempty totally ordered set I , and any ascending chain H _ ( i ) of subgroups of G indexed by ordinals i ∈ I such that H _ ( i ) ≤ H _ ( j ) for i < j , the subgroup : ⋃ _ ( i ∈ I ) H _ ( i ) also satisfies property p.
A subgroup of a group is termed an AEP-SUBGROUP or AUTOMORPHISM EXTENSION PROPERTY SUBGROUP if any automorphism of the subgroup extends to an automorphism of the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AEP SUBGROUP of G if given any automorphism σ of G , there is an automorphism σ ′ of G such that the restriction of σ ′ to H is precisely σ .
Let ( G , Φ ) and ( H , Ψ ) be APSes of groups .
A HOMOMORPHISM f : G → H is the following data : for every n , a homomorphism of groups f _ ( n ) : G _ ( n ) → H _ ( n ) , such that : f _ ( m + n ) ( Φ _ ( m , n ) ( g , h ) ) = Ψ _ ( m , n ) ( f _ ( m ) ( g ) , f _ ( n ) ( h ) )
An APS of groups is an APS over the category of groups .
More specifically , an APS ( G , Φ ) of groups is the following data : - For each natural number n , a group , denoted G _ ( n ) .
- For each ordered pair ( m , n ) of natural numbers , a homomorphism Φ _ ( m , n ) : G _ ( m ) × G _ ( n ) → G _ ( m + n ) .
Satisfying the following compatibility conditions : For g , h , k in G _ ( m ) , G _ ( n ) , G _ ( p ) respectively : Φ _ ( m + n , p ) ( Φ _ ( m , n ) ( g , h ) , k ) = Φ _ ( m , n + p ) ( g , Φ _ ( n , p ) ( h , k ) ) .
The above condition is termed an associativity condition .
We may assume G ₀ as the trivial group and define Φ _ ( m , 0 ) and Φ _ ( 0 , n ) as trivial paddings .
A subgroup of a group is an ABELIAN DIRECT FACTOR or CENTRAL DIRECT FACTOR or COMPLEMENTED CENTRAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following conditions : It is abelian as a group and is a direct factor of the whole group .
It is both a central subgroup and a direct factor of the whole group .
It is both a central subgroup and a permutably complemented subgroup of the whole group .
It is both a central subgroup and a complemented normal subgroup of the whole group .
It is both a central subgroup and a complemented central factor of the whole group .
It is both a central subgroup and a lattice-complemented subgroup of the whole group .
An ABELIAN GROUP is a group where any two elements commute .
In symbols , a group G is termed ABELIAN if for any elements x and y in G , xy = yx ( here xy denotes the product of x and y in G ) .
Note that x , y are allowed to be equal , though equal elements commute anyway , so we can restrict attention if we wish to unequal elements .
An ABELIAN GROUP is a set G equipped with a ( infix ) binary operation + ( called the addition or group operation ) , an identity element 0 and a ( prefix ) unary operation − , called the inverse map or negation map , satisfying the following : - For any a , b , c ∈ G , a + ( b + c ) = ( a + b ) + c .
This property is termed associativity .
- For any a ∈ G , a + 0 = 0 + a = a. 0 thus plays the role of an additive identity element or neutral element .
- For any a ∈ G , a + ( − a ) = ( − a ) + a = 0 .
Thus , − a is an inverse element to a with respect to + .
- For any a , b ∈ G , a + b = b + a .
This property is termed commutativity .
A group G is termed abelian if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - Its center Z ( G ) is the whole group .
- Its derived subgroup G ′ = [ G , G ] is trivial .
- ( Choose a generating set S for G ) .
For any elements a , b ∈ S , ab = ba .
- The diagonal subgroup { ( g , g ) ∣ g ∈ G } is a normal subgroup inside G × G.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an ABELIAN HEREDITARILY NORMAL SUBGROUP or ABELIAN TRANSITIVELY NORMAL SUBGROUP of G if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : H is abelian as a group and is a hereditarily normal subgroup of G. H is abelian as a group and is a transitively normal subgroup of G. H is an abelian normal subgroup of G and the induced action of the quotient group G/H on H is by power automorphisms .
A subgroup of a group is termed an ABELIAN NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is abelian as a group and normal as a subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group of prime power order G is termed an ABELIAN NORMAL SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM ORDER if it is an abelian normal subgroup ( specifically , an abelian normal subgroup of group of prime power order ) and there is no abelian normal subgroup of G of larger order than H.
A subgroup of a group is termed an ABELIAN SUBGROUP if it is abelian as a group .
Let P be a group of prime power order , i.e. , a finite p-group for some prime p .
A subgroup A of P is termed an ABELIAN SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM ORDER ( sometimes also a LARGE ABELIAN SUBGROUP ) if A is an abelian subgroup , and the order of any abelian subgroup of P divides the order of A .
The set of abelian subgroups of maximum order in a group P of prime power order is sometimes denoted 𝒜 ( P ) .
Their join , termed the join of abelian subgroups of maximum order , and is sometimes also termed the Thompson subgroup .
This set of subgroups satisfies some powerful replacement theorems , most notably Thompson 's replacement theorem .
Suppose G is a group of prime power order , i.e. , G is a finite p-group for some prime number p. Suppose H is a subgroup of G .
We say that H is an ABELIAN SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM ORDER WHICH IS NORMAL if H is an abelian subgroup of maximum order in G and H is also a normal subgroup of G.
Suppose P is a group of prime power order .
A subgroup A of P is termed an ABELIAN SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM RANK if A is an abelian subgroup of P and the rank of A ( i.e. , the minimum number of elements needed to generate 1 .
is the maximum among the ranks of all abelian subgroups of P. Note that abelian subgroups of maximum rank need not be maximal among abelian subgroups .
The join of all such subgroups is termed the join of abelian subgroups of maximum rank , and is one of the three Thompson subgroups often considered for groups of prime power order .
A subgroup of a group is termed ABELIAN-COMPLETED if there is an Abelian subgroup such that their product is the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed ABELIAN-COMPLETED if there is an Abelian subgroup A such that HA = G.
An automorphism of an abelian group is termed ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE if it can be extended to an automorphism for any embedding of the group in an abelian group .
An automorphism σ of an Abelian group G is termed ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE if , for any embedding of G as a subgroup of an abelian group H , there exists an automorphism σ ′ of H whose restriction to G equals σ .
Suppose G is an abelian group and H is a subgroup of G .
We say that H is an ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP of G if , for every abelian-extensible automorphism σ of G , we have σ ( H ) = H.
An endomorphism α of an abelian group G is termed ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE if , for any group H containing G , there exists an endomorphism α ′ of H whose restriction to G is α .
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is termed an ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE ENDOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if it is invariant under all the abelian-extensible endomorphisms of G.
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is termed an ABELIAN-POTENTIALLY CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if there exists an abelian group K containing G such that H is a characteristic subgroup of K.
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is an ABELIAN-POTENTIALLY VERBAL SUBGROUP if there exists an abelian group K containing G such that H is a verbal subgroup of K.
A subgroup of a group is termed an ABELIAN-QUOTIENT SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - It contains the commutator subgroup - It is a normal subgroup and the quotient of the whole group by it is Abelian A subgroup H of a group <math> G </math> is termed an ABELIAN-QUOTIENT SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - G ′ ≤ H where G ' = [ G , G ] is the commutator subgroup of G - H is normal in G and G/H is an Abelian group
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is termed an ABELIAN-QUOTIENT-PULLBACKABLE AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if , for every abelian-quotient-pullbackable automorphism σ of G , σ restricts to an automorphism of H.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed ABNORMAL if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - ( _ Right action convention _ ) : For any x in G , x lies inside the subgroup ⟨ H , H ^ ( ( x ) ⟩ .
\ Here \ H ) ( x ) denotes the conjugate subgroup x ^ ( − 1 ) Hx .
- ( _ Left action convention _ ) : For any x ∈ G , we have x ∈ ⟨ H , xHx ^ ( − 1 ) ⟩ .
H is a weakly abnormal subgroup of G and is not contained in the intersection of two distinct conjugate subgroups .
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are groups .
We say that H is ABSOLUTELY NORMAL in K with respect to G if H is a normal subgroup of G.
A p-group G is termed an ABSOLUTELY REGULAR P-GROUP if | G / ℧ ¹ ( G ) | ≤ p ^ ( p − 1 ) , where ℧ ¹ ( G ) denotes the first agemo subgroup of G , i.e. , the subgroup of G generated by g ^ ( p ) , g ∈ G.
A group is said to be ABSOLUTELY SIMPLE if it has no proper nontrivial serial subgroup .
The group property of being absolutely simple is obtained by applying the simple group operator to the trim subgroup property of being a serial subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed ACTION-ISOMORPH-FREE in G if H is a normal subgroup of G , and the following condition holds .
Suppose α : G → Aut ( H ) be the homomorphism induced by the action of G on H by conjugation .
Suppose K is a normal subgroup of G with β : G → Aut ( K ) the homomorphism induced by the action of G on K by conjugation .
Suppose , further , that σ : H → K is an isomorphism with the property that :
Let N be an associative algebra over a field F with the property that for any x ∈ N , there exists y ∈ N such that x + y + xy = 0 .
( in other words , N is a radical ring ) .
Then , the ALGEBRA GROUP corresponding to N is the adjoint group of N , i.e. , the group whose elements are formally : { 1 + x | x ∈ N } where the multiplication is defined as : ( 1 + x ) ( 1 + y ) = 1 + ( x + y + xy ) There are two interpretations of this : We can think of the algebra group as living inside the unitization N + F as the coset of N for 1 ∈ F. Alternatively , since there is a bijection between N and its algebra group , we can think of the algebra group as simply the set N with group operation x * y : = x + y + xy .
This is based on the idea of the multiplicative formal group law .
However , unlike other formal group laws , the multiplicative formal group law is valid even in _ non-commutative _ settings , and that is necessary for this definition .
If N is an associative algebra over a field F with the property that every element of N is nilpotent , then it is true that for any x ∈ N , there exists y ∈ N such that x + y + xy = 0 .
Thus , we can always define the algebra group corresponding to any such algebra N .
If F is a finite field and N is a finite-dimensional associative algebra over F , the following are equivalent : For any x ∈ N , there exists y ∈ N such that x + y + xy = 0 .
Every element of N is nilpotent .
N is a nilpotent algebra , i.e. , there is some fixed length such that all products of that length of elements in N equal zero .
Thus , for a finite-dimensional associative algebra over a finite field F , we talk of its algebra group only if it satisfies these equivalent conditions .
A group of prime power order which can be realized as an algebra group any finite field is termed an ALGEBRA GROUP .
Note that an algebra group over 𝔽 _ ( q ) , where q is a power of a prime p , must also be an algebra group over the prime field 𝔽 _ ( p ) .
Thus , saying that a finite p-group is an algebra group is equivalent to saying that it is an algebra group over 𝔽 _ ( p ) .
An automorphism of a group is said to be ALGEBRAIC if given any element of the group , the smallest subgroup containing that element which is invariant under the automorphism , is finitely generated .
An automorphism σ of a group G is said to be ALGEBRAIC if for any g ∈ G the smallest subgroup H ∋ g for which σ ( H ) = H , is finitely generated .
A subgroup of a group is termed an ALGEBRAIC SUBGROUP if it is an algebraic subset of the group , i.e. , it is an intersection of finite unions of elementary algebraic subsets .
A group is termed ALGEBRAICALLY CLOSED if every finite set of equations and inequations in the group that is consistent ( i.e. , the system has a solution in some bigger group containing the group ) has a solution in the group itself .
A subgroup of a group is said to be ALMOST NORMAL if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Its normalizer has finite index in the whole group .
It is a normal subgroup of a subgroup of finite index in the whole group .
It has only finitely many conjugate subgroups .
A group is termed an ALMOST QUASISIMPLE GROUP if it has a self-centralizing normal subgroup that is a quasisimple group .
Note that for such a group , the self-centralizing quasisimple normal subgroup is unique ( and hence also a characteristic subgroup ) and is also the only component of the group , hence also equals the commuting product and the generalized Fitting subgroup of the group .
A group is said to be ALMOST SIMPLE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - There is a simple non-abelian group such that the given group can be embedded between the simple group and its automorphism group .
- The group has a centralizer-free non-abelian simple normal subgroup .
A group G is said to be ALMOST SIMPLE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - There is a simple non-abelian group S such that S ≤ T ≤ Aut ( S ) for some group T isomorphic to G. - There exists a normal subgroup N of G such that N is a simple non-abelian group and C _ ( G ) ( N ) is trivial .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an ALMOST SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP ( or sometimes F-SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP ) of G if there exists a chain H = H ₀ ≤ H ₁ ≤ H ₂ … ≤ H _ ( n ) = G , such that for 0 ≤ i ≤ n − 1 , H _ ( i ) is either a normal subgroup or a subgroup of finite index in H _ ( i + 1 ) .
Let S be a finite set .
The ALTERNATING GROUP on S is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the group of all even permutations on S under composition .
An even permutation is a permutation whose cycle decomposition has an even number of cycles of even size .
Specifically , the alternating group on S is the subgroup of the symmetric group on S comprising the even permutations .
It is the kernel of the sign homomorphism from the symmetric group on S to the group ± 1 .
For S having size zero or one , the alternating group on S equals the whole symmetric group on S. For S having size at least two , the alternating group on S is the unique subgroup of index two in the symmetric group on S .
The alternating group on a set of size n is denoted A _ ( n ) and is termed the alternating group of degree n. Let S be an infinite set .
The FINITARY ALTERNATING GROUP on S is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the group of all even permutations on S under composition .
It is the kernel of the sign homomorphism on the finitary symmetric group on S.
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 10 , i.e. , the alternating group on a set of size 10 .
This can be taken as the group on { 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 } .
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 11 , i.e. , the alternating group on a set of size 11 .
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 12 , i.e. , the alternating group on a set of size 12 .
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 13 , i.e. , the alternating group on a set of size 13 .
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 14 , i.e. , the alternating group on a set of size 14 .
The alternating group A ₄ is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the group of even permutations ( viz. , the alternating group ) on four elements .
- It is the von Dyck group ( sometimes termed _ triangle group _ , though triangle group has an alternative interpretation ) with parameters ( 2 , 3 , 3 ) ( sometimes written in reverse order as ( 3 , 3 , 2 ) ) .
- It is the group of orientation-preserving symmetries of a regular tetrahedron .
When viewed in this light , it is called the TETRAHEDRAL GROUP , and its symbol as a point group is T or 332 .
- It is the projective special linear group of degree two over the field of three elements , viz. , PSL ( 2 , 3 ) .
- It is the general affine group of degree 1 over the field of four elements , viz. , GA ( 1 , 4 ) ( also written as AGL ( 1 , 4 ) .
- von Dyck group with parameters ( 2,3,3 ) is isomorphic to A4 - Tetrahedral group is isomorphic to A4 - PSL ( 2,3 ) is isomorphic to A4 - GA ( 1,4 ) is isomorphic to A4
The alternating group A ₅ , also denoted Alt ( 5 ) , and termed the ALTERNATING GROUP OF DEGREE FIVE , is defined in the following ways : It is the group of even permutations ( viz. , the alternating group ) on five elements .
It is the von Dyck group ( sometimes termed _ triangle group _ , though the latter has a slightly different meaning ) with parameters ( 2 , 3 , 5 ) ( sometimes written in reverse order as ( 5 , 3 , 2 ) ) .
It is the icosahedral group , i.e. , the group of orientation-preserving symmetries of the regular icosahedron ( or equivalently , regular dodecahedron ) .
Viewed this way , it is denoted l or 532 .
It is the projective special linear group of degree two over the field of four elements , viz. , PSL ( 2 , 4 ) .
It is also the special linear group of degree two over the field of four elements , i.e. , SL ( 2 , 4 ) .
It is also the projective general linear group of degree two over the field of four elements , i.e. , PGL ( 2 , 4 ) .
It is the projective special linear group of degree two over the field of five elements , viz. , PSL ( 2 , 5 ) .
- The equivalence of the definitions _ within _ ( 4 ) is given by isomorphism between linear groups when degree power map is bijective .
- PGL ( 2,4 ) is isomorphic to A5 : equivalence of ( 1 ) and ( 4 ) - PSL ( 2,5 ) is isomorphic to A5 : equivalence of ( 1 ) and ( 5 )
The alternating group A ₆ is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the group of even permutations ( viz. , the ) on six elements .
- It is the PSL ( 2 , 9 ) , i.e. , the projective special linear group of degree two over field : F9 .
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 7 , i.e. , the alternating group on a set of size 7 .
In other words , it is the subgroup of symmetric group : S7 comprising the even permutations .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the alternating group of degree eight , i.e. , over a set of size eight .
It is the projective special linear group of degree four over the field of two elements , i.e. , PSL ( 4 , 2 ) .
It is also the special linear group SL ( 4 , 2 ) , the projective general linear group PGL ( 4 , 2 ) , and the general linear group GL ( 4 , 2 ) .
This is one member of the smallest order pair of non-isomorphic finite simple non-abelian groups having the same order .
The other member of this pair is projective special linear group : PSL ( 3,4 ) .
The equivalence between the various definitions _ within _ ( 2 ) follows from isomorphism between linear groups over field : F2 .
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 9 , i.e. , the alternating group on a set of size 9 .
This can be taken as the group on { 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 } .
Suppose G is a group and H is a subgroup of G .
We say that H is an AMALGAM-CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP of G if H is characteristic in the group L given by : L = G * _ ( H ) G .
In other words , L is the amalgam of G with itself over H , and H is treated as the subgroup of L given by the amalgamated H between the two factors .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AMALGAM-NORMAL-SUBHOMOMORPH-CONTAINING SUBGROUP if the amalgamated subgroup H is a normal-subhomomorph-containing subgroup in the amalgamated free product G * _ ( H ) G.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed AMALGAM-STRICTLY CHARACTERISTIC if the amalgamated subgroup H is a strictly characteristic subgroup in the amalgamated free product G * _ ( H ) G.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AMALGAMATED FREE FACTOR if either H is trivial or it is a factor in an internal amalgamated free product that is not of the form H * _ ( G ) G -- in other words , there exists a proper subgroup K of G such that G is the internal amalgamated free product of H and K over H ∩ K.
The group is defined as the amalgamated free product ℤ * _ ( 2ℤ ) ℤ , i.e. , we take two copies of the group of integers , take their free product , and then take the quotient group by the identification of the subgroup 2ℤ .
The group can be defined by the presentation : ⟨ x , y ∣ x ² = y ² ⟩
This group is defined as the amalgamated free product ℚ * _ ( ℤ ) ℚ where ℚ is the group of rational numbers and ℤ is the group of integers , viewed naturally as a subgroup of the group of rational numbers .
A group is said to be AMBIVALENT if every element in it is conjugate to its inverse .
For a finite group , this is equivalent to saying that every character of the group over complex numbers , is real-valued .
An element in a group that is conjugate to its inverse is termed a real element .
Thus , a group is ambivalent if and only if all its elements are real elements .
A group G is said to be AMBIVALENT if , for any g ∈ G , there exists h ∈ G such that hgh ^ ( ( − 1 ) = g ) ( − 1 ) .
For a finite group G , this is equivalent to saying that any representation ρ : G → GL _ ( n ) ( ℂ ) with character χ , χ ( g ) ∈ ℝ for all g ∈ G.
A discrete group G is termed an AMENABLE DISCRETE GROUP if there exists a function that assigns to each subset of G a real number in [ 0 , 1 ] such that : - The number associated with the whole of G is 1 - The function is finitely additive on subsets .
In other words , the number associated with a disjoint union of finitely many subsets is the sum of the numbers associated with each of the subsets - The function is left-invariant , viz. , the value associated with a subset S is the same as the value associated with gS Often , when dealing with an abstract group , we use the term AMENABLE GROUP for amenable discrete group ( in other words , we assume that the discrete topology is put over the group ) .
Let G be a group and g ∈ G be an element .
Then , the APPROXIMATE NORMALIZER of g , denoted as N _ ( G ) ^ ( * ) ( g ) is defined as the set of all elements t ∈ G for which there exist nonzero integers m , n such that t ^ ( ( − 1 ) g ) ( m ) t = g ^ ( n ) .
The approximate normalizer of any element is a subgroup of the whole group .
It equals the whole group if the element has finite order ( viz , is a torsion element ) .
Thus , the notion makes sense to study only for elements of infinite order .
A group is said to be ARTINIAN or to satisfy the MINIMUM CONDITION on subgroups if every descending chain of subgroups stabilizes after a finite stage .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed ASCENDANT if we have subgroups H _ ( α ) of G for every ordinal α such that : - H ₀ = H - $ H _ \ alpha \ \ underline { \ triangleleft } \ H _ { \ alpha + 1 } $ ( viz H _ ( α ) is a normal subgroup of H _ ( α + 1 ) ) for every ordinal α .
- If α is a limit ordinal , then H _ ( α ) = ⋃ _ ( γ < α ) H _ ( γ ) , i.e. , it is the union of all preceding subgroups .
Note that the union of any ascending chain of subgroups is indeed a sugbroup ( in fact , more generally , directed union of subgroups is subgroup ) .
We can also define H _ ( α ) as ⟨ H _ ( γ ) ⟩ _ ( γ < α ) , i.e. , it is the join of all preceding subgroups .
and such that there is some ordinal β such that H _ ( β ) = G .
The subgroup property of being an ascendant subgroup is obtained by applying the ascendant closure operator to the subgroup property of being normal .
Let G be a group and consider : 1 = K ₀ ⊲ K ₁ ⊲ … ⊲ K _ ( n ) = G a subnormal series for G .
The ASSOCIATED DIRECT SUM for this series is the abstract group : $ \ bigoplus _ { i = 0 } ^ { n-1 } K _ { i +1 } / K_i $ ( direct sum here means the same thing as direct product ) .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an ASYMPTOTICALLY FIXED-DEPTH JOIN-TRANSITIVELY SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP if there exists a natural number n such that for any k ≥ n , and any k-subnormal subgroup K of G , the join ⟨ H , K ⟩ is also a k-subnormal subgroup of G.
A subgroup property p is termed an AUTO-INVARIANCE PROPERTY if there is a group-closed automorphism property q such that for any subgroup H ≤ G , H has property p in G , iff any automorphism of G satisfying property p , sends H to within itself .
A subgroup property p is termed an AUTO-INVARIANCE PROPERTY if there is a group-closed automorphism property q , such that we can write the following function restriction expression for p : p = q → Function In other words , a subgroup has subgroup property p if every automorphism with property q , for the whole group , restricts to a function from the subgroup to itself .
This is equivalent to the following function restriction expressions : p = q → Automorphism and : p = q → Endomorphism In other words , the restriction is automatically guaranteed to be an automorphism of the subgroup .
The equivalence of definitions follows from the elementary observation : restriction of automorphism to subgroup invariant under it and its inverse is automorphism .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AUTOCLINISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if it is invariant under any bijective set map σ : G → G satisfying all three of these conditions : - σ induces an automorphism modulo the center , i.e. , σ ( xy ) = σ ( x ) σ ( y ) mod Z ( G ) .
- σ restricts to an automorphism on the derived subgroup , i.e. , σ sends the derived subgroup to itself and the restriction to the derived subgroup is an automorphism of the derived subgroup .
- σ ( [ x , y ] ) = [ σ ( x ) , σ ( y ) ] for all ( possibly equal , possibly distinct ) x , y ∈ G .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AUTOCLINISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if it satisfies _ either _ of these conditions : H contains the center Z ( G ) and H/Z ( G ) is invariant under any automorphism of G/Z ( G ) that is the inner automorphism group part of the data specifying an autoclinism .
H is contained in the derived subgroup [ G , G ] and it is invariant under any automorphism of [ G , G ] that is the derived subgroup part of the data specifying an autoclinism .
An AUTOMATIC GROUP is a finitely generated group satisfying the following equivalent conditions : There exists a finite generating set with respect to which the group possesses an automatic structure .
For every finite generating set , the group possesses an automatic structure with respect to that generating set .
A subgroup of a group is termed an AUTOMORPH-COMMENSURABLE SUBGROUP if it is commensurable with all its automorphic subgroups .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AUTOMORPH-COMMENSURABLE SUBGROUP if , for any automorphism σ of G , H ∩ σ ( H ) has finite index in both H and σ ( H ) .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AUTOMORPH-DOMINATING SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : For any automorphism σ of G , there exists g ∈ G such that the automorph σ ( H ) is contained in the conjugate subgroup gHg ^ ( − 1 ) .
For any automorphism σ of G , there exists w ∈ G such that the automorph σ ( H ) contains the conjugate subgroup wHw ^ ( − 1 ) .
Note that the w for version ( 2 ) may not equal the g for version ( 1 ) .
Note that if H is a co-Hopfian group ( i.e. it does not contain any proper subgroup isomorphic to it ) this property is equivalent to being an automorph-conjugate subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed AUTOMORPH-JOIN-CLOSED SUBNORMAL if the join of any collection of subgroups that are automorphic to it ( i.e. , its images under automorphisms of the whole group ) is a subnormal subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed AUTOMORPH-PERMUTABLE if it permutes with any subgroup obtained as the image of it under an automorphism of the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed AUTOMORPH-PERMUTABLE if for any automorphism σ of G , Hσ ( H ) = σ ( H ) H.
Two subgroups of a group are AUTOMORPHS or AUTOMORPHIC SUBGROUPS if there is an automorphism of the whole group that maps one of the subgroups isomorphically to the other one .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed AUTOMORPHICALLY ENDOMORPH-DOMINATING if , for any endomorphism σ of G , there exists an automorphism φ of G such that σ ( H ) ≤ φ ( H ) .
The AUTOMORPHISM GROUP of a group is defined as a group whose elements are all the automorphisms of the base group , and where the group operation is composition of automorphisms .
In other words , it gets a group structure as a subgroup of the group of all permutations of the group .
The AUTOMORPHISM GROUP of a group G , denoted Aut ( G ) , is a set whose elements are automorphisms σ : G → G , and where the group multiplication is composition of automorphisms .
In other words , its group structure is obtained as a subgroup of Sym ( G ) , the group of all permutations on G.
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the automorphism group of alternating group : A6 .
It is the automorphism group of symmetric group : S6 .
It is the projective semilinear group of degree two over the field of nine elements , i.e. , it is the group PΓL ( 2 , 9 ) .
Note that for any n ≠ 2 , 3 , 6 , the automorphism group of the alternating group A _ ( n ) is precisely the symmetric group S _ ( n ) , which is a complete group .
The case n = 2 is uninteresting .
For n = 3 , the automorphism group of A _ ( n ) is ℤ/2ℤ , the cyclic group of order two .
The case n = 6 is the only case where the automorphism group of the alternating group is strictly _ bigger _ than the symmetric group .
Similarly , it is the only case where the automorphism group of the symmetric group is strictly _ bigger _ than the symmetric group .
This group is defined as the automorphism group of free group : F2 -- the free group of rank two .
An AUTOMORPHISM of a group is any of the following equivalent things : - An isomorphism from the group to itself - A bijective endomorphism of the group - A homomorphism that is both an endomorphism and an isomorphism Let G be a group .
A map σ from G to itself is termed an AUTOMORPHISM of G if it satisfies all of the following conditions : - σ is bijective - σ ( gh ) = σ ( g ) σ ( h ) whenever g and h are both in G - σ ( e ) = e - σ ( g ^ ( ( − 1 ) ) = σ ( g ) ) ( − 1 ) Actually , the third and fourth condition follow from the first two ( refer equivalence of definitions of group homomorphism ) .
Suppose G is a group and σ is an automorphism of G.We say that σ is an AUTOMORPHISM THAT PRESERVES CONJUGACY CLASSES FOR A GENERATING SET if the folllowing equivalent conditions hold : There is a generating set S for G such that , for all x ∈ S , σ ( x ) is in the conjugacy class of x , i.e. , there exists g ∈ G such that σ ( x ) = gxg ^ ( − 1 ) .
Note that g depends on x .
There is a symmetric subset T of G that is a generating set of G and such that , for all x ∈ T , σ ( x ) is in the conjugacy class of x , i.e. , there exists g ∈ G such that σ ( x ) = gxg ^ ( − 1 ) .
Note that g depends on x .
There is a normal subset N of G that is a generating set of G and such that , for all x ∈ N , σ ( x ) is in the conjugacy class of x , i.e. , there exists g ∈ G such that σ ( x ) = gxg ^ ( − 1 ) .
Note that g depends on x.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL AEP-SUBGROUP if for every automorphism of H , there is a _ unique _ automorphism of G whose restriction to H is that particular automorphism .
A subgroup of a group is termed an AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both an automorphism-faithful subgroup and a normal subgroup of the whole group .
A subgroup of a group is termed AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL if any nontrivial automorphism of the whole group that restricts to an automorphism of the subgroup , in fact restricts to a _ nontriival _ automorphism of the subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL in G if for any nontrivial automorphism σ of G such that σ ( H ) = H , the restriction of σ to H is a nontrivial automorphism of H.
A group is termed a BFC-GROUP if there is a finite constant d such that no element in the group has more than d distinct conjugates .
Such a group is also termed a d-BFC-group .
Any Abelian group is a 1-BFC-group .
Let G be a group .
A pair of subgroups B , N of G is termed a BN-PAIR if it satisfies the following conditions : - G is generated by two subgroups B and N - H : = B ∩ N ⊲ N , viz the intersection is normal in the second subgroup - W = N/H is generated by involutions w ₁ , w ₂ , … , w _ ( m ) - If v _ ( i ) is a coset representative of w _ ( i ) , then for each v ∈ N and every i : vBv _ ( i ) ⊆ BvB ∪ Bvv _ ( i ) B and v _ ( i ) Bv _ ( i ) ⊈ B Such a setup is also called a TITS SYSTEM of rank m.
The BABY MONSTER GROUP , denoted _ B _ , is one of the 26 sporadic simple groups that occurs in the classification of finite simple groups .
A BAER LIE GROUP is a group G satisfying the following two conditions : It is a nilpotent group of class two , i.e. , its nilpotency class is at most two .
It is a 2-powered group ( also known as uniquely 2-divisible group ) : For every g ∈ G , there is a unique element h ∈ G such that h ² = g. Given condition ( 1 ) , condition ( 2 ) is equivalent to requiring that G be both 2-torsion-free ( i.e. , no element of order two ) and 2-divisible .
( see equivalence of definitions of nilpotent group that is torsion-free for a set of primes ) .
A Baer Lie group is a group that can serve on the group side of a Baer correspondence , i.e. , it has a corresponding Baer Lie ring .
A finite group is a Baer Lie group if and only if it is an odd-order class two group .
A BAER LIE RING is a Lie ring L satisfying the following two conditions : L is a nilpotent Lie ring and has nilpotency class at most two .
In other words , L/Z ( L ) is an abelian Lie ring , where Z ( L ) is the center of L .
The additive group of L is powered over the prime 2 .
In other words , L is uniquely 2-divisible , i.e. , for every a ∈ L , there is a unique element b ∈ L such that 2b = a , where 2b means b + b .
A Baer Lie ring is a Lie ring that can participate as the Lie ring side of a Baer correspondence .
A BAER MALCEV RING is a Malcev ring M with muliplication * satisfying the following two conditions : The subring generated by any subset of size at most two has nilpotency class at most two , i.e. , ( x Y ) z = x ( Y z ) = 0 for all x , y , z living in a subring generated by a subset of size at mots two .
The additive group is uniquely 2-divisible , i.e. , it is powered over the prime 2 .
An alternating loop ring L with multiplication * is termed a BAER ALTERNATING LOOP RING if it satisfies the following two conditions : The subring generated by any two elements is a 2-Engel Lie ring : addition forms a group , and any triple product is zero .
It is uniquely 2-divisible , i.e. , the additive loop is powered over the prime 2 .
A BAER DIASSOCIATIVE LOOP is a diassociative loop L satisfying the following two conditions : The subgroup generated by any two elements is a group of nilpotency class two ( note that diassociativit per se simply says that any two elements generate a subgroup ) The loop is uniquely 2-divisible , i.e. , for every a ∈ L , there is a unique b ∈ L such that b ² = a.
A group G is termed a BAER GROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Every cyclic subgroup of G is a subnormal subgroup of G. Every finitely generated subgroup of G is subnormal in G. Every finitely generated subgroup of G is a nilpotent subnormal subgroup : it is nilpotent as a group and subnormal as a subgroup .
For a finite group , this is equivalent to being a finite nilpotent group .
The BAER NORM of a group is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the intersection of normalizers of all its subgroups - It is the intersection of normalizers of all cyclic subgroups .
- It is the set of those elements of the group for which the corresponding conjugation is a power automorphism .
The BAER NORM of a group G is defined as the intersection , over all subgroups H of G of the groups N _ ( G ) ( H ) .
The BAER-SPECKER GROUP is defined as the external direct product of countably many copies of the group of integers .
A finite group is said to be BALANCED if the Brauer core of the centralizer of any involution is contained in the Brauer core of the whole group .
A finite group G is said to be BALANCED if O ( C _ ( G ) ( t ) ) ≤ O ( G ) for any t ∈ I ( G ) .
A subgroup property is said to be a BALANCED SUBGROUP PROPERTY if it can be expressed via a function restriction expression with both the _ left side _ and the _ right side _ being equal .
A subgroup property is said to be a BALANCED SUBGROUP PROPERTY if it can be expressed as a → a where a is a function property .
In other words , a subgroup H satisfies the property in a group G if and only if every function on G satisfying property a in G restricts to a function satisfying property a on H.
We need to have two inputs with respect to which we can talk of balanced subgroup property : - A relational mapping system - A specification of one of these formalisms based on the relational mapping system : the restriction formalism , the extension formalism , the [ universal restriction formalism , the universal extension formalism , the when-defined restriction formalism , the when-defined extension formalism For a given formalism based on the relational mapping system , a subgroup property is termed BALANCED if it has a formal expression ( in that formalism ) with equal left and right sides .
We need to have two inputs with respect to which we can talk of balanced subgroup property : - A relational mapping system - A specification of one of these formalisms based on the relational mapping system : the restriction formalism , the extension formalism , the [ universal restriction formalism , the universal extension formalism , the when-defined restriction formalism , the when-defined extension formalism For a given formalism based on the relational mapping system , a subgroup property is termed BALANCED if it has a formal expression ( in that formalism ) of the form a → a. Category : Formalism-parametrized subgroup metaproperties Category : Mapping system terminology
The BASE DIAGONAL OF A WREATH PRODUCT is the subgroup comprising those members of the base power where all coordinates are equal .
In the language of functions , it is the subgroup comprising the constant functions .
A subgroup is termed a BASE DIAGONAL OF A WREATH PRODUCT if it occurs as the base diagonal for some way of expressing the group as an internal wreath product .
A subgroup G of a group K is termed a BASE OF A WREATH PRODUCT if K is expressible as an internal wreath product of G by some subgroup H .
In other words , there exists a subgroup L of K with G that is a direct power of G ( with G as one of the factors ) and further , K is the semidirect product of L with a subgroup H that acts on L by permutations of the direct factors .
A subgroup G of a group L is termed a BASE OF A WREATH PRODUCT WITH DIAGONAL ACTION if L can be expressed as an internal wreath product with diagonal action with G as base .
In other words , L is an internal semidirect product of a direct power H of G ( with G as one of the factors ) and a subgroup K ₁ × K ₂ where K ₁ acts by coordinate permutations and K ₂ acts diagonally by automorphisms on each coordinate .
This group is defined as the Baumslag-Solitar group with parameters 1 and 2 , i.e. , the group BS ( 1 , 2 ) .
Explicitly , it is defined by means of the following presentation : ⟨ a , b ∣ bab ^ ( − 1 ) = a ² ⟩
An AUTOMATIC GROUP is a finitely generated group satisfying the following equivalent conditions : There exists a finite generating set with respect to which the group possesses a biautomatic structure .
For every finite generating set , the group possesses a biautomatic structure with respect to that generating set .
The BINARY OCTAHEDRAL GROUP can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the Schur cover of symmetric group : S4 of type " - " which in symbols means it is the group 2 ⋅ S ₄ ^ ( − ) .
It is a binary von Dyck group with parameters ( 2 , 3 , 4 ) , i.e. , it has the presentation : ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ⁴ = b ³ = c ² = abc ⟩ We denote the element a ⁴ = b ³ = c ² as z .
This element has order two .
A group G is termed a BINATE GROUP if for every finitely generated subgroup H of G there is a homomorphism φ _ ( H ) : H → G and an element u _ ( H ) ∈ G such that for all h ∈ H , we have : h = [ u _ ( H ) , φ _ ( H ) ( h ) ] .
Suppose R is a non-associative ring and θ : R → R is an endomorphism of the additive group of R. Suppose n is a nonnegative integer .
We say that θ is n-step-binilpotent if the following equivalent conditions hold ( note that we define θ ⁰ as the identity map ) : - θ ^ ( ( i ) ( x ) * θ ) ( j ) ( y ) = 0 for all x , y ∈ R and all nonnegative integers i , j with i + j = n. - θ ^ ( ( i ) ( x ) * θ ) ( j ) ( y ) = 0 for all x , y ∈ R and all nonnegative integers i , j with i + j ≥ n .
The binilpotency of θ is defined as the smallest nonnegative integer n for which θ is n-step-binilpotent .
See also weak binilpotency .
A _ quantified word-letter pair _ is a word with a distinguished letter , with a sequence of ( possibly nested ) existential and universal quantifiers on all the other letters .
An element g in a group G satisfies this pair if setting the distinguished letter equal to g , the nested expression is true in the group ( where existential and universal quantifiers are interpreted over G ) .
The subgroup corresponding to a quantified word-letter pair is defined as the subgroup generated by all elements of the group satisfying that pair .
A bound-word subgroup is a possibly arbitrary join of finite intersections of subgroups corresponding to quantified word-letter pairs .
A group G is termed a n-ENGEL GROUP if , for any x , y ∈ G , there exists n such that : [ [ … [ x , y ] , y ] , … , y ] = e where the y occurs n times .
A group that is n-Engel for some positive integer n , is termed a BOUNDED ENGEL GROUP .
A BOUNDED-NILPOTENT IAPS is an IAPS of groups such that the following equivalent conditions are satisfied : - The lower central sub-IAPS series terminates , in finitely many steps , at the trivial sub-IAPS - Every member is a nilpotent group and there is a common finite bound on the nilpotence class of all members
An IAPS of groups is termed a BOUNDED-SOLVABLE IAPS if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - Every member is a solvable group , and there is a common finite bound on the solvable lengths of all the members - The derived sub-IAPS series terminates , in finitely many steps , at the identity .
The BURNSIDE GROUP B ( d , n ) ( sometimes called the FREE BURNSIDE GROUP ) is defined as the quotient of the free group on d generators by the normal subgroup generated by all n ^ ( th ) powers .
A Burnside group is a group that occurs as B ( d , n ) for some choice of d and n. Note that any Burnside group is a reduced free group because it is a quotient group of a free group by a verbal subgroup .
More explicitly , B ( d , n ) is free in the subvariety of the variety of groups comprising those groups where n ^ ( th ) powers are equal to the identity .
In particular , any Burnside group is a group in which every fully invariant subgroup is verbal .
This group is defined as the Burnside group with 2 generators and exponent 4 .
Explicitly , it is the quotient group of free group : F2 by relations that say that the fourth power of every element is the identity element .
Note that this presentation would involve infinitely many relations , but since it turns out that the group is finite , we can use a finite presentation instead .
This group is the Burnside group with parameters 2,6 .
Explicitly it is defined as the quotient of free group : F2 by the normal subgroup generated by sixth powers of all elements .
This group is defined as the Burnside group with parameters 4,3 .
In other words , it is the quotient of free group : F4 by the subgroup generated by all cubes in the group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a C-CLOSED NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a c-closed subgroup ( it equals the centralizer of its centralizer ) and a normal subgroup ( it is invariant under inner automorphisms ) .
A subgroup of a group is termed a C-CLOSED SELF-CENTRALIZING SUBGROUP or a CENTRALIZER OF ABELIAN SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Its centralizer equals its center and it equals the centralizer of its center ( all relative to the whole group ) .
It is self-centralizing ( i.e. , it contains its own centralizer in the whole group ) and also occurs as the centralizer of some subgroup of the whole group .
It occurs as the centralizer of some Abelian subgroup of the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a C-CLOSED SELF-CENTRALIZING SUBGROUP or a CENTRALIZER OF ABELIAN SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : C _ ( G ) ( H ) = Z ( H ) and C _ ( G ) ( Z ( H ) ) = H. C _ ( G ) ( H ) ≤ H and there exists a subgroup K ≤ G such that H = C _ ( G ) ( K ) .
There exists an Abelian subgroup K of G such that H = C _ ( G ) ( K ) .
A subgroup of a group is termed a C-CLOSED SUBGROUP if it satisfies the equivalent conditions : - It equals the centralizer of its centralizer .
- It occurs as the centralizer of some subset of the group - It occurs as the centralizer of some subgroup Alternative terminology for a c-closed subgroup is CENTRALIZER SUBGROUP , SELF-BICOMMUTANT SUBGROUP , SELF-BICENTRALIZER SUBGROUP .
A group is said to be a C-GROUP if every subgroup in it is permutably complemented .
A group G is said to be a C-GROUP if for any subgroup H of G , there is a subgroup K of G such that H ∩ K is trivial and HK = G.
A subgroup of a group is termed C-NORMAL if there is a normal subgroup whose product with it is the whole group and whose intersection with it lies inside its normal core .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed C-NORMAL if there is a normal subgroup T such that the intersection of H and T lies inside the normal core of H , and such that HT = G.
A group is termed a C1-GROUP if every cyclic subgroup is self-conjugate-permutable .
A group is termed a CCP-GROUP or a _ cyclic subgroups are conjugate-permutable _ group if every cyclic subgroup is conjugate-permutable .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CDIN-SUBGROUP , or is said to be CONJUGACY-DETERMINED IN NORMALIZER , if H is a conjugacy-determined subgroup in its normalizer N _ ( G ) ( H ) relative to G.
A subgroup of a group is termed a CEP SUBGROUP ( or a group with CONGRUENCE EXTENSION PROPERTY ) if any normal subgroup of this subgroup is the intersection of this subgroup with a normal subgroup of the whole group .
CEP-subgroups are also termed NORMAL-SENSITIVE SUBGROUPS .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CEP SUBGROUP if for any normal subgroup N of H , there is a normal subgroup M of G such that N = M ∩ H.
A group is said to be a CIA-GROUP if it can be expressed as a finite union of isomorphic Abelian groups ( CIA stands for _ covered by isomorphism Abelian _ ) .
A CS-BAER LIE GROUP is a group G satisfying BOTH the following two conditions : G is a group of nilpotency class two , i.e. , its nilpotency class is at most two .
Equivalently , the derived subgroup [ G , G ] is contained in the center Z ( G ) of G .
There exists a subgroup H of G such that [ G , G ] ≤ H ≤ Z ( G ) , and every element of [ G , G ] has a unique square root within H.
An automorphism of a group is termed CS-EXTENSIBLE if it can be extended to an inner automorphism for every embedding of the group into the automorphism group of a characteristically simple group .
Let G be a group and σ an automorphism of G .
We say that σ is CS-extensible if for any embedding G ≤ Aut ( N ) where N is a characteristically simple group , there is an inner automorphism ϕ of Aut ( N ) such that the restriction of ϕ to G is σ .
Let G be a group and σ an automorphism of G. σ is said to be CS-PUSHFORWARDABLE if for any homomophism ρ : G → Aut ( N ) where N is a characteristically simple group , there exists an inner automorphism ϕ of Aut ( N ) such that ϕ ∘ ρ = ρ ∘ σ .
A group is said to be CSCFN-REALIZABLE if it can be realized as a CSCFN-subgroup of some group .
A group is termed a CAMINA GROUP if every coset of the derived subgroup other than the commutator subgroup itself , forms exactly one conjugacy class .
A group G is termed a CAMINA GROUP if for every g ∉ [ G , G ] , the coset g [ G , G ] is a conjugacy class .
A Lie ring is termed a CANONICALLY LAZARD-DIVIDABLE LIE RING if there exists a Lazard-divided Lie ring structure with the Lie ring as underlying Lie ring , such that all the Lazard division operations are invariant under all automorphisms of the Lie ring .
The corresponding Lazard-divided Lie ring is termed a canonically Lazard-divided Lie ring .
A Lazard-divided Lie ring is termed a CANONICALLY LAZARD-DIVIDED LIE RING if all the Lazard division operations are invariant under all the automorphisms of the underlying Lie ring .
The corresponding property of the underlying Lie ring is termed canonically Lazard-dividable Lie ring .
A group G is said to be CAPABLE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is isomorphic to the inner automorphism group of some group .
In other words , there is a group H such that G is isomorphic to the quotient group H/Z ( H ) where Z ( H ) is the center of the group .
Its epicenter is the trivial group .
The group property of being a capable group is obtained by applying the image operator for the quotient-defining function sending each group to its inner automorphism group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CARTER SUBGROUP if it is a self-normalizing nilpotent subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CARTER SUBGROUP if H is nilpotent as an abstract group and if N _ ( G ) ( H ) = H where N _ ( G ) ( H ) denotes the normalizer of H in G.
An element of a group is termed central if the following equivalent conditions hold : It commutes with every element of the group Its centralizer is the whole group It is the only element in its conjugacy class .
In other words , under the action of the group on itself by conjugation , it is a fixed point .
Under the action of the group on itself by conjugation , it fixes everything .
In other words , it is in the kernel of the action of the group on itself by conjugation .
The CENTER of a group is the set of its central elements .
The center is clearly a subgroup .
Alternatively , the center of a group is defined as the kernel of the homomorphism from the group to its automorphism group , that sends each element to the corresponding inner automorphism .
( see group acts as automorphisms by conjugation ) .
Given a group G , the CENTER of G , denoted Z ( G ) , is defined as the set of elements g that satisfy the following equivalent conditions : gx = xg for all x in G C _ ( G ) ( g ) = G The conjugacy class of g in G is the singleton { g } .
In other words , under the action of G on itself by conjugation , the orbit of g is a one-point set -- g is a fixed point .
For the action of G on itself by conjugation , g acts trivially on everything .
In other words , conjugation by g fixes every element .
Alternatively , Z ( G ) is defined as the kernel of the map G → Aut ( G ) given by g ↦ c _ ( g ) , where c _ ( g ) = x ↦ gxg ^ ( − 1 ) is conjugation by g. ( see group acts as automorphisms by conjugation ) .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CENTER OF PRONORMAL SUBGROUP if there exists a pronormal subgroup K of G such that H equals the center of K.
An automorphism of a group is termed a CENTER-FIXING AUTOMORPHISM if it fixes every element of the center .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTER-FIXING AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if every center-fixing automorphism of the whole group sends the subgroup to within itself .
A group is said to be CENTERLESS if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - The center of the group is trivial .
- The natural homomorphism from the group to its automorphism group that sends each element to the conjugation it induces , is injective ( viz no two elements induce the same inner automorphism ) A group G is said to be CENTERLESS if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - The center Z ( G ) is the trivial group .
- The natural homomorphism G → Aut ( G ) given by g ↦ c _ ( g ) , where c _ ( g ) = x ↦ gxg ^ ( − 1 ) , is an _ injective _ map from G to Aut ( G ) .
A CENTERLESS GROUP THAT IS UPWARD-CLOSED NORMAL IN ITS AUTOMORPHISM GROUP is defined as follows : it is a centerless group , and when it is embedded inside its automorphism group via the action by conjugation , every subgroup of the automorphism group containing it , is a normal subgroup of the automorphism group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTRAL FACTOR OF NORMALIZER if it satisfies the following equivalent conditinos : - It is a central factor of its normalizer - Every inner automorphism of the group that restricts to an automorphism on the subgroup restricts to an inner automorphism on the subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CENTRAL FACTOR OF NORMALIZER if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - HC _ ( G ) ( H ) = N _ ( G ) ( H ) where C _ ( G ) ( H ) denotes the centralizer of H in G. - For any g in G such that gHg ^ ( − 1 ) = H , there exists an element h in H such that for any x in G , gxg ^ ( ( − 1 ) = hxh ) ( − 1 ) .
An automorphism of a group is termed CENTRAL FACTOR-EXTENSIBLE if , for every embedding of the group as a central factor of a group , the automorphism can be extended to an automorphism of the bigger group .
An automorphism σ of a group G is termed CENTRAL FACTOR-EXTENSIBLE if , for every embedding of G as a central factor in a group H , there exists an automorphism φ of H whose restriction to G is σ .
Let G be a group and p a prime .
A CENTRAL FUNCTOR is a map V from the collection of p-subgroups of G to the collection of p-subgroups of G that satisfies : - For any p-subgroup H , V ( H ) ≤ Z ( H ) .
- For any p-subgroup H , and any xinG , W ( H ^ ( ( x ) ) = ( W ( H ) ) ) ( x ) .
- If Z ( H ) ≤ Z ( K ) then V ( H ) ≤ V ( K ) .
Clearly , every central functor is a conjugacy functor .
Examples of central functor include the center and the p ^ ( th ) powers of elements in the center .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the central product of dihedral group : D16 and cyclic group : Z4 , with a common central cyclic group : Z2 identified .
It is the central product of semidihedral group : SD16 and cyclic group : Z4 , with a common central cyclic group : Z2 identified .
It is the central product of generalized quaternion group : Q16 and cyclic group : Z4 , with a common central cyclic group : Z2 identified .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the central product of dihedral group : D8 and the quaternion group over a commonly identified cyclic central subgroup cyclic group : Z2 .
It is the extraspecial group of order 2 ⁵ and type − .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the central product of dihedral group : D8 and cyclic group : Z12 with a common cyclic central subgroup of order two .
It is the external direct product of central product of D8 and Z4 ( GAP ID : ( 16,13 ) ) and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the central product of dihedral group : D8 and cyclic group : Z16 over a commonly identified cyclic central subgroup cyclic group : Z2 .
It is the central product of quaternion group and cyclic group : Z16 over a commonly identified cyclic central subgroup cyclic group : Z2 .
This group of order 16 is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the central product of the dihedral group of order eight and cyclic group of order four over a common cyclic central subgroup of order two .
It is the central product of the quaternion group and cyclic group of order four over a common cyclic central subgroup of order two .
It is given by the presentation : G : = ⟨ a , x , y ∣ a ⁴ = x ² = e , a ² = y ² , xax = a ^ ( − 1 ) , ay = ya , xy = yx ⟩ .
Here , ⟨ a , x ⟩ is the dihedral group of order eight and ⟨ y ⟩ is the cyclic group of order four .
This group can be described as the central product of dihedral group : D8 and cyclic group : Z8 over a common cyclic central subgroup of order two .
This group is defined as the central product of the groups M16 and cyclic group : Z8 over a common cyclic central subgroup cyclic group : Z2 .
Explicitly , it has the presentation : G : = ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ⁸ = b ² = c ⁸ = e , a ⁴ = c ⁴ , ac = ca , bc = cb , bab ^ ( − 1 ) = a ⁵ ⟩
This group is defined as the central product of special linear group : SL ( 2,3 ) and cyclic group : Z4 with a common central cyclic group : Z2 identified ( i.e. , center of special linear group : SL ( 2,3 ) is identified with Z2 in Z4 ) .
This group is defined as the central product of special linear group : SL ( 2,5 ) ( order 120 ) and special linear group : SL ( 2,7 ) ( order 336 ) where we perform the unique identification of the centers of these two groups with each other .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the unique subgroup of index two inside general linear group : GL ( 2,5 ) .
Explicitly , it is the subgroup of general linear group : GL ( 2,5 ) comprising those matrices whose determinant is a square in field : F5 ( which in this case means the determinant is ± 1 .
It is the central product of special linear group : SL ( 2,5 ) and cyclic group : Z4 with shared central subgroup cyclic group : Z2 ( this is center of special linear group : SL ( 2,5 ) in SL ( 2,5 ) and Z2 in Z4 in cyclic group : Z4 ) .
In symbols , the group is : SL ( 2 , 5 ) * _ ( ℤ ₂ ) ℤ ₄
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the central product of prime-cube order group : U ( 3,3 ) ( which is a non-abelian group of order 27 and exponent 3 ) and cyclic group : Z9 , where they share a common central subgroup of order three .
It is the central product of semidirect product of Z9 and Z3 ( which is a non-abelian group of order 27 and exponent 9 ) and cyclic group : Z9 , where they share a common central subgroup of order three .
This group is defined as an external central product of unitriangular matrix group : UT ( 3 , Z ) with the group of rational numbers ℚ , where we identify the full center of the first group with the subgroup ℤ ≤ ℚ in the latter ( see Z in Q ) .
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the central product of unitriangular matrix group : UT ( 3 , Z ) and the group of integers ℤ where the subgroup 2ℤ of ℤ is identified with the center of UT ( 3 , ℤ ) .
It is the following group of matrices under multiplication : $ \ left \ { \ begin { pmatrix } 1 & a & b \ \ 0 & 1 & c \ \ 0 & 0 & 1 \ \ \ end { pmatrix } \ mid a , c \ in \ mathbb { Z } , 2b \ in \ mathbb { Z } \ right \ } $ This group is almost like unitriangular matrix group : UT ( 3 , Z ) .
In fact , UT ( 3 , ℤ ) occurs as a subgroup of index two inside it .
However , unlike UT ( 3 , ℤ ) , it is a CS-Baer Lie group , and hence can participate in the CS-Baer correspondence .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the central product of cyclic group : Z9 and wreath product of Z3 and Z3 , with the common shared central subgroup being the unique central cyclic group : Z3 in both .
- It is the central product of cyclic group : Z9 and SmallGroup ( 81,8 ) , with the common shared central subgroup being the unique central cyclic group : Z3 in both .
- It is the central product of cyclic group : Z9 and SmallGroup ( 81,9 ) , with the common shared central subgroup being the unique central cyclic group : Z3 in both .
- It is the central product of cyclic group : Z9 and SmallGroup ( 81,10 ) , with the common shared central subgroup being the unique central cyclic group : Z3 in both .
The group can be define by the following presentation , where e denotes the identity element and [ , ] denotes the commutator -- note that although the left and right conventions give different presentations , these define isomorphic groups .
G : = ⟨ a ₁ , a ₂ , a ₃ , a ₄ | a ₁ ³ = a ₂ ³ = a ₃ ³ = a ₄ ⁹ = e , [ a ₁ , a ₂ ] = a ₃ , [ a ₁ , a ₃ ] = e , [ a ₂ , a ₃ ] = a ₄ ³ , [ a ₁ , a ₄ ] = [ a ₂ , a ₄ ] = [ a ₃ , a ₄ ] = e ⟩
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTRAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is a subgroup inside the center Every inner automorphism of the whole group restricts to the identity map on the subgroup Every element of the subgroup commutes with every element of the group It is a central factor of the whole group , and is Abelian as a subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CENTRAL if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : H ≤ Z ( G ) For any x in G , the map sending h in H to xhx ^ ( − 1 ) is the identity map .
For any x in G and h in H , xh = hx .
H is an Abelian group , and HC _ ( G ) ( H ) = G .
The equivalence of definitions ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) follows directly from the definition of center .
For the equivalence with ( 4 ) , refer Abelian central factor equals central subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTRALIZER OF INVOLUTION if it occurs as the centralizer ( in the whole group ) of some involution ( an involution here is an element of order two ) .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CENTRALIZER OF INVOLUTION if H = C _ ( G ) ( t ) for some t ≠ e such that t ² = e.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CENTRALIZER-ANNIHILATING ENDOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP of G if , for every centralizer-annihilating endomorphism σ of G , σ ( H ) is contained in H. Here , a centralizer-annihilating endomorphism of G with respect to H is an endomorphism whose kernel contains the centralizer C _ ( G ) ( H ) .
A group is said to be CENTRALIZER-CONNECTED if the centralizer of any element is either the whole group or has infinite index in the group. , or equivalently , if every conjugacy class with more than one element has infinite size .
The concept of CENTRALIZER-CONNECTED is closely related to the concept of connected .
In particular , for a connected topological group , every conjugacy class is connected ( as it arises as the image of the group under a continuous map ) .
Hence , it must either be a single point or infinite in size , so it must be centralizer-connecteed .
A subgroup of a group is termed CENTRALIZER-DENSE or C-DENSE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - Its centralizer in the whole group equals the center of the group .
- Its bicentralizer in the whole group equals the whole group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTRALIZER-FREE NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a centralizer-free subgroup of the whole group and a normal subgroup of the whole group .
A subgroup of a group is said to be CENTRALIZER-FREE if its centralizer within the whole group is trivial .
A subgroup H of a group G is said to be CENTRALIZER-FREE if C _ ( G ) ( H ) is trivial .
A subgroup of a group is termed CENTRALLY CLOSED or a CC-SUBGROUP if the centralizer of any non-identity element of the subgroup lies inside the subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CENTRALLY CLOSED or a CC-SUBGROUP if for any h in H , the group C _ ( G ) ( h ) lies inside H.
A nontrivial group is said to be CENTRALLY INDECOMPOSABLE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It can not be expressed as the central product of two proper subgroups .
Every proper nontrivial central factor is a central subgroup , i.e. , it is contained in the center of the group .
A group G is said to be a centrally indecomposable group if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : We can not write G = H * K , viz. , as a central product for proper subgroups H and K of G. Every proper nontrivial central factor of G is a central subgroup of G , i.e. , it is contained in the center Z ( G ) .
Let P be a group of prime power order .
A subgroup A of P is termed a CENTRALLY LARGE SUBGROUP or CL-SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : | A | | Z ( A ) | ≥ | B | | Z ( B ) | for any subgroup B of P. C _ ( P ) ( A ) ≤ A ( i.e. , A is a self-centralizing subgroup of P ) and A is a centralizer-large subgroup of P.
An automorphism σ of a group G is termed CHAIN-EXTENSIBLE if the following holds .
Given the following data : - A totally ordered set I with unique minimum element 0 - A group G _ ( i ) for each i ∈ I such that G ₀ = G - Inclusions G _ ( i ) → G _ ( j ) for i < j , compatible with composition There exist automorphisms σ _ ( i ) of G _ ( i ) for each i such that whenever i < j the restriction of σ _ ( j ) to G _ ( i ) is σ _ ( i ) , and such that σ ₀ = σ .
Two conjugacy classes in a group are said to be CHARACTER-CONJUGATE if for every finite-dimensional indecomposable linear representation ( and hence any finite-dimensional linear representation ) of the group , the value that the character of the representation takes on both the conjugacy classes is equal .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CHARACTERISTIC AEP-SUBGROUP if the homomorphism : Aut ( G ) → Aut ( H ) that sends an automorphism of G to its restriction to H is well-defined ( i.e. , every automorphism of G does restrict to an automorphism of H ) and surjective ( i.e. , every automorphism of H arises as the restriction of an automorphism of G ) .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTIC CENTRAL FACTOR if it satisfies the following two conditions : - It is a characteristic subgroup : every automorphism of the whole group restricts to an automorphism of the subgroup .
- It is a central factor : every inner automorphism of the whole group restricts to an inner automorphism of the subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CHARACTERISTIC CENTRAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies BOTH these conditions : H is a characteristic subgroup of G. H is a central subgroup of G , i.e. , it is contained in the center of G.
The CHARACTERISTIC CLOSURE of a subgroup in a group can be defined in any of the following equivalent ways : - As the intersection of all characteristic subgroups containing the given subgroup - As the subgroup generated by all automorphic subgroups to the given subgroup - As the set of all elements that can be written as products of finite length of elements from the subgroup and their automorphs The CHARACTERISTIC CLOSURE OF A SUBSET is defined as the characteristic closure of the subgroup generated by that subset .
The CHARACTERISTIC CLOSURE of a subgroup H in a group G is defined in the following equivalent ways : - As the intersection of all characteristic subgroups of G containing H - As the subgroup generated by all σ ( H ) where σ ∈ Aut ( G ) The CHARACTERISTIC CLOSURE OF A SUBSET A in G is defined as the characteristic closure of the subgroup generated , i.e. , of ⟨ A ⟩ in G.
The CHARACTERISTIC CORE of a subgroup is defined in the following equivalent ways : ( _ Characteristic subgroup definition _ ) : As the subgroup generated by all characteristic subgroups of the whole group lying inside the subgroup ; in other words , as the unique largest characteristic subgroup of the whole group contained in the given group .
( _ Automorph-intersection definition _ ) : As the intersection of all automorphic subgroups to the given subgroup .
The CHARACTERISTIC CORE of a subgroup H of a group G is defined in the following equivalent ways : ( _ Characteristic subgroup definition _ ) : As the subgroup generated by all characteristic subgroups K of G such that K ≤ H ; in other words , as the unique largest characteristic subgroup of the whole group contained in the given group .
( _ Automorph-intersection definition _ ) : As the intersection of all subgroups of G of the form σ ( H ) where σ is an automorphism of G.
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTIC CORE OF SUBGROUP OF FINITE INDEX if it arises as the characteristic core of a subgroup of finite index in the whole group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTIC DIRECT FACTOR if it is a characteristic subgroup as well as a direct factor .
A subgroup of a group of prime power order is termed a CHARACTERISTIC MAXIMAL SUBGROUP OF GROUP OF PRIME POWER ORDER if it is a characteristic subgroup as well as a maximal subgroup ( in particular , a maximal subgroup of group of prime power order ) .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP OF CENTER if H is a central subgroup of G and is a characteristic subgroup _ of _ the center of G.
A subgroup of a group is said to be a CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP OF DIRECT FACTOR if it occurs as a characteristic subgroup of a direct factor of the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is said to be a CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP OF DIRECT FACTOR if there are subgroups K , L such that H is characteristic in K , and K × L = G.
A CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP OF FINITE INDEX is a subgroup of a group that is a characteristic subgroup as well as a subgroup of finite index , i.e. , the index of the subgroup is finite , or equivalently , the quotient group is a finite group .
A group property is termed CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP-CLOSED if whenever a group satisfies the property , so does every characteristic subgroup of that group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTIC TRANSITIVELY NORMAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is both a characteristic subgroup and a transitively normal subgroup .
It is both a characteristic subgroup and a CEP-subgroup .
An automorphism of a group is said to be CHARACTERISTIC-EXTENSIBLE if , for every embedding of the group as a characteristic subgroup of a bigger group , the automorphism can be extended to the bigger group .
An automorphism σ of a group G is said to be CHARACTERISTIC-EXTENSIBLE if for any embedding of G as a characteristic subgroup of a group H , there exists an automorphism ϕ of H such that the restriction of ϕ to G is σ .
A subgroup of a group is termed CHARACTERISTIC-ISOMORPH-FREE if it is a characteristic subgroup and there is no characteristic subgroup of the whole group isomorphic to it .
Symbol-free definition A subgroup of a group is termed CHARACTERISTIC-POTENTIALLY CHARACTERISTIC if there is an embedding of the bigger group in some group such that , in that embedding both the group and the subgroup become characteristic .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CHARACTERISTIC-POTENTIALLY CHARACTERISTIC in G if there exists a group K containing G such that both H and G are characteristic in K.
Let σ be an automorphism of a group G .
We say that σ is CHARACTERISTIC-SEMIDIRECTLY EXTENSIBLE or a CSE-AUTOMORPHISM if the following holds : Let ρ : G → Aut ( N ) be a homomorphism such that N is a characteristic subgroup of the associated semidirect product M = N ⋊ G. Then , there exists an automorphism ϕ of N whose restriction to G is σ .
A subgroup H inside a group G is said to be characteristically DP-decomposable if we can express G as an internal direct product of subgroups G _ ( w ) such that H is the internal direct product of all the H _ ( w ) = H ∩ G _ ( w ) , and further , each H _ ( w ) is characteristic in G _ ( w ) .
A group G is termed a CHARACTERISTICALLY HOPFIAN GROUP if there is no nontrivial characteristic subgroup H of G for which the quotient group G/H is isomorphic to G.
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTICALLY COMPLEMENTED CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if it is a characteristic subgroup and it has a permutable complement that is also a characteristic subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTICALLY COMPLEMENTED NORMAL SUBGROUP or CHARACTERISTICALLY COMPLEMENTED DIRECT FACTOR if it is a direct factor in an internal direct product where the other direct factor is a characteristic subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTICALLY COMPLEMENTED SUBGROUP or CHARACTERISTIC RETRACT if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : There is a retraction ( viz an idempotent endomorphism ) on the group , whose image is that subgroup , and whose kernel is a characteristic subgroup .
There is a characteristic subgroup that is a permutable complement to it .
There is a characteristic subgroup that is a lattice complement to it .
The corresponding characteristic subgroup ( there may be more than one such ) is termed a complemented characteristic subgroup .
A group is termed CHARACTERISTICALLY METACYCLIC if it has a cyclic characteristic subgroup such that the quotient group is also a cyclic group .
A group G is termed CHARACTERISTICALLY METACYCLIC if there exists a characteristic subgroup H of G such that both H and the quotient group ( note that characteristic implies normal , so the quotient group does exist ) G/H are cyclic groups .
A group is termed CHARACTERISTICALLY POLYCYCLIC if there exists a characteristic series ( i.e. , a subgroup series where all the subgroups are characteristic ) of finite length for the group , such that all the factor groups are cyclic groups .
This group is defined as B ₃ ( 3 ) , the Chevalley group of type B and parameter value 3 for field : F3 .
Explicitly , it is the kernel of the spinor norm map from special orthogonal group : SO ( 7,3 ) .
It is an example of a simple non-abelian group that is not the only simple non-abelian group of its order .
There are at most two finite simple groups of any order .
The other group in this case is projective symplectic group : PSp ( 6,3 ) , which in the Chevalley notation is C ₃ ( 3 ) .
In general , B _ ( n ) ( q ) and C _ ( n ) ( q ) have the same order , but are isomorphic only if n = 2 or q is a prime power .
This group is denoted S ¹ , T , T ¹ and is defined in a number of equivalent ways .
The circle group is defined as the group , under multiplication , of complex numbers of modulus one .
In other words , it is the group of complex numbers on the unit circle , under multiplication .
An equivalent description of the circle group is as the quotient group $ \ R / \ Z$ , where $ \ R$ is the additive group of real numbers and $ \ Z$ is the subgroup of $ \ R$ defined as the additive group of integers .
Note that the isomorphism between the group $ \ R / \ Z$ and the complex numbers of modulus one is given by : θ ↦ e ^ ( 2πiθ ) .
The circle group can also be defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the group of rotations in the plane ( including the identity map ) that fix a particular point , under composition .
- It is the special orthogonal group of degree two over the real numbers .
In other words , it is the group $ SO ( 2 , \ R ) $ .
Note that the term CIRCLE GROUP may be used for the more general notion of the circle group over any field or ring .
The circle group over a field k is the group SO ( 2 , k ) .
An automorphism of a group is said to be CLASS-INNER if , given any conjugacy class in the group : - The automorphism maps the conjugacy class to itself - There exists an inner automorphism of the whole group , whose restriction to that conjugacy class is the same as the restriction of the given automorphism
An automorphism of a group is termed a CLASS-INVERTING AUTOMORPHISM if it sends every element to an element that is in the conjugacy class of its inverse .
An automorphism σ of a group G is termed a CLASS-INVERTING AUTOMORPHISM if , for any g ∈ G , there exists x ∈ G such that σ ( g ) = xg ^ ( ( − 1 ) x ) ( − 1 ) .
Note that the set of class-inverting automorphisms , if non-empty , is a group only if the group is an ambivalent group , i.e. , every element is conjugate to its inverse .
In this case , it is the group of class-preserving automorphisms .
Otherwise , it is a single coset of the group of class-preserving automorphisms , and the class-preserving and class-inverting automorphisms together form a normal subgroup of the automorphism group .
An automorphism of a group is termed a CLASS-PRESERVING AUTOMORPHISM or CLASS AUTOMORPHISM if it takes each element to within its conjugacy class .
In symbols , an automorphism σ of a group G is termed a CLASS AUTOMORPHISM or CLASS-PRESERVING AUTOMORPHISM if for every g in G , there exists an element h such that σ ( g ) = hgh ^ ( − 1 ) .
The choice of h may depend on g.
A field is termed CLASS-SEPARATING for a group if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Given any two conjugacy classes in the group , there exists a finite-dimensional linear representation of the group over the field such that the images of the conjugacy classes , are not conjugate in the general linear group .
Given two elements of the group whose images are conjugate in the general linear group for every finite-dimensional linear representations , the two elements must be conjugate in the group .
No two distinct conjugacy classes can be locally conjugate .
A field k is termed CLASS-SEPARATING for a group G if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Given any two conjugacy classes c ₁ and c ₂ , there exists a finite-dimensional linear representation ρ : G → GL ( V ) where V is a finite-dimensional k-vector space , such that ρ ( c ₁ ) and ρ ( c ₂ ) are not in the same conjugacy class in GL ( V ) .
Given two elements g and h in G such that ρ ( g ) and ρ ( h ) are conjugate in GL ( V ) for every finite-dimensional linear representation ρ of G , we can conclude that g and h are conjugate elements inside G. Let L ( c , ρ ) denote the conjugacy class in GL ( V ) of the image of the conjugacy class c of G under the representation ρ .
Then , k is class-separating for G if and only if L ( c ₁ , ρ ) = L ( c ₂ , ρ ) implies that c ₁ = c ₂ .
A subgroup of a group is termed CLOSURE-CHARACTERISTIC , or a SUBGROUP WHOSE NORMAL CLOSURE IS CHARACTERISTIC , if its normal closure in the whole group is a characteristic subgroup .
In symbols , a subgroup H of a group G is termed CLOSURE-CHARACTERISTIC if the normal closure H ^ ( G ) of H in G is characteristic in G.
A group is termed CO-HOPFIAN if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - It is not isomorphic to any proper subgroup - Every injective endomorphism of the group is an automorphism
A subgroup of a group is termed a COCENTRAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Its product with the center is the whole group .
The inclusion map from the subgroup to the group induces maps between the corresponding inner automorphism groups and derived subgroup that give rise to an isoclinism .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed COCENTRAL if HZ ( G ) = G where Z ( G ) denotes the center of G.
A subgroup of a group is said to be a COCENTRAL SUBGROUP OF NORMALIZER if it is a cocentral subgroup of its normalizer .
A subgroup H of a group G is said to be a COCENTRAL SUBGROUP OF NORMALIZER if HZ ( N _ ( G ) ( H ) ) = N _ ( G ) ( H ) where Z ( N _ ( G ) ( H ) ) denotes the center of N _ ( G ) ( H ) and N _ ( G ) ( H ) denotes the normalizer of H.
An automorphism σ of a finite group G is termed a COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM for G if every prime dividing the order of σ ( viewed as an element of the automorphism group of G ) also divides the order of G .
An automorphism σ of a periodic group G is termed a COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM for G if every prime dividing the order of σ equals the order of some non-identity element of G .
If the group has any element of infinite order , then every automorphism of the group is considered to be a cofactorial automorphism .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if it is invariant under all the cofactorial automorphisms of the whole group .
Suppose G is a finite group .
A subgroup H of G is termed a COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if H is invariant under every automorphism σ of G for which all prime factors of the order of σ are prime factors of the order of G. Suppose G is a periodic group : every element of G has finite order .
A subgroup H of G is termed COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT if H is invariant under every automorphism σ of G such that σ has finite order , and every prime divisor of the order of σ occurs as the prime divisor of the order of some element of G .
If the group has any element of infinite order , we define COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT to be the same as characteristic subgroup .
If G is a p-group for some prime p ( in the finite case , this means G is a group of prime power order , in the infinite case it simply means that every element has order a power of p ) , a cofactorial automorphism-invariant subgroup is the same as a p-automorphism-invariant subgroup .
Suppose p is a prime number and 𝒮 is a collection of finite p-groups .
Suppose α is a property of finite p-groups .
We say that 𝒮 satisfies a PROPERTY-CONDITIONAL CONGRUENCE CONDITION for property α if , for any group P satisfying property α , the number of subgroups of P isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 is either zero or congruent to 1 modulo p .
When α is the property of being any finite p-group , we say that 𝒮 is a collection of groups satisfying a universal congruence condition .
Suppose 𝒮 is a finite collection of finite p-groups , groups of prime power order for the prime p .
We say that 𝒮 satisfies a universal congruence condition if the following equivalent conditions are satisfied by 𝒮 : For any finite p-group P that contains a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of subgroups of P isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 is congruent to 1 modulo p. For any finite p-group P that contains a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of normal subgroups of P isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 is congruent to 1 modulo p. For any finite p-group Q and any normal subgroup P of Q such that P contains a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of normal subgroups of Q isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 and contained in P is congruent to 1 modulo p. For any finite p-group P that contains a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of p-core-automorphism-invariant subgroups of P isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 is congruent to 1 modulo P. For any finite group G containing a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of subgroups of G isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 is congruent to 1 modulo p.
Suppose 𝒮 is a collection of finite p-groups , i.e. , groups of prime power order for a prime number p .
We say that 𝒮 satisfies a universal non-divisibility condition if the following equivalent conditions hold : For any finite p-group P containing a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of subgroups of P isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 is _ not _ divisible by p. For any finite p-group P containing a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of subgroups of P isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 is _ not _ divisible by p. For any finite p-group Q and any normal subgroup P of Q containing a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of normal subgroups of Q isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 and contained in P is _ not _ divisible by p. For any finite p-group P that contains a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of p-core-automorphism-invariant subgroups of P is _ not _ divisible by p. For any finite group G containing a subgroup isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 , the number of subgroups of G isomorphic to an element of 𝒮 is _ not _ divisible by p.
Let S be a set and * be a binary operation on S ( viz , * is a map S × S → S. Then , * is said to be COMMUTATIVE if , for every a , b , c in S , the following identity holds : a B = B a If the above equation holds for particular values of a and b , we say that a and b COMMUTE .
A magma where the binary operation is commutative is termed a COMMUTATIVE MAGMA .
For a semigroup , monoid or group , we use the word ABELIAN as an alternative to commutative ( thus , a group where the binary operation is commutative is termed an Abelian group ) .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a COMMUTATOR OF A NORMAL SUBGROUP AND A SUBSET if there exists a normal subgroup N of G and a subset S of G such that H is the commutator [ N , S ] , i.e. , the subgroup generated by all the commutators between elements of N and elements of S.
A subgroup property p is termed COMMUTATOR-CLOSED if the commutator of any two subgroups , each of which has property p in the whole group , also has property p in the whole group .
A subgroup property p is termed COMMUTATOR-CLOSED if , given any group G and subgroups H , K ≤ G such that H and K both satisfy property p in G , the commutator [ H , K ] also satisfies property p in G.
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a COMMUTATOR-IN-CENTER subgroup if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : [ G , H ] ≤ Z ( H ) where [ G , H ] denotes the commutator of two subgroups and Z ( H ) denotes the center of H. H is a normal subgroup of G and [ [ G , H ] , H ] is trivial , i.e. , H is a commutator-in-centralizer subgroup .
A group has this property as a subgroup of itself if and only if it has nilpotency class two .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a COMMUTATOR-IN-CENTRALIZER SUBGROUP if the commutator [ G , H ] is contained in the centralizer C _ ( G ) ( H ) , or equivalently , [ [ G , H ] , H ] is trivial. ,
A group is termed COMMUTATOR-REALIZABLE if it can be realized as the commutator subgroup of some group .
A subgroup of a group is a COMMUTATOR-VERBAL SUBGROUP if there is a set of words , each having the format of a commutator involving its letters and their inverses , such that the subgroup is precisely the subgroup generated by all the elements of the group expressible using those words .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPLEMENTED CENTRAL FACTOR or SPLIT CENTRAL FACTOR if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is a permutably complemented subgroup as well as a central factor of the whole group .
It is a complemented normal subgroup as well as a central factor of the whole group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPLEMENTED CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is a characteristic subgroup as well as a permutably complemented subgroup .
It is a characteristic subgroup as well as a lattice-complemented subgroup .
It is a characteristic subgroup as well as a complemented normal subgroup , i.e. , it occurs as the normal subgroup part in an internal semidirect product .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPLEMENTED FULLY INVARIANT SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is both a permutably complemented subgroup and a fully invariant subgroup .
It is both a lattice-complemented subgroup and a fully invariant subgroup .
It is both a complemented normal subgroup and a fully invariant subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPLEMENTED HOMOMORPH-CONTAINING SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is both a complemented normal subgroup and a homomorph-containing subgroup of the whole group .
It is both a complemented normal subgroup and a normal subgroup having no nontrivial homomorphism to its quotient group .
It is both a permutably complemented subgroup and a homomorph-containing subgroup of the whole group .
It is both a lattice-complemented subgroup and a homomorph-containing subgroup of the whole group .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPLEMENTED ISOMORPH-CONTAINING SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is both a permutably complemented subgroup and an isomorph-containing subgroup .
It is both a lattice-complemented subgroup and an isomorph-containing subgroup .
It is both a complemented normal subgroup and an isomorph-containing subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPLEMENTED TRANSITIVELY NORMAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - It is a permutably complemented subgroup as well as a transitively normal subgroup .
- It is a complemented normal subgroup as well as a transitively normal subgroup .
A group is said to be COMPLETE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - It is centerless and every automorphism of it is inner .
- The natural homomorphism to the automorphism group , that sends each element to the conjugation via that element , is an isomorphism .
- Whenever it is embedded as a normal subgroup inside a bigger group , it is actually a direct factor inside that bigger group .
A group G is said to be COMPLETE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - Z ( G ) ( the center of G ) is trivial and Inn ( G ) = Aut ( G ) ( i.e. , every automorphism of G is inner ) - The natural homomorphism G → Aut ( G ) given by g ↦ c _ ( g ) ( where c _ ( g ) = x ↦ gxg ^ ( − 1 ) ) is an isomorphism - For any embedding of G as a normal subgroup of some group K , G is a direct factor of K
A COMPLETE MAP from a group G to itself is a bijection φ : G → G such that the map g ↦ gφ ( g ) is also a bijection .
Note that if α is an automorphism of G , the map g ↦ α ( g ^ ( − 1 ) ) is a complete map if and only if α is a fixed-point-free automorphism .
Suppose G is a group and H is a subgroup of G .
We say that H is a COMPLETELY DIVISIBILITY-CLOSED NORMAL SUBGROUP of G if the following equivalent conditions are satisfied : H is both a normal subgroup of G and a completely divisibility-closed subgroup of G. H is a normal subgroup of G , and for any prime number p such that G is p-divisible , the quotient group G/H is p-torsion-free .
Suppose G is a group .
A subgroup H of G is termed COMPLETELY DIVISIBILITY-CLOSED if the following holds : for any prime number p such that G is p-divisible , and any g ∈ H , _ all _ p ^ ( th ) roots of g in G lie inside H.
Let G be a group and H and K be subgroups of G .
We say that H and K are COMPLETION-EQUIVALENT if for any subgroup U , HU = G ⇔ KU = G.
A group is termed COMPOSITION FACTOR-PERMUTABLE if it is of finite composition length and , for every possible ordering of its composition factors , there exists a composition series achieving that ordering of the composition factors .
A group is said to be COMPOSITION FACTOR-UNIQUE if the order in which its composition factors occur is the same for every composition series .
Given two subgroup properties p and q , the composition operator applied to these properties , denoted as p * q , is the property defined as follows : H has the property p * q as a subgroup of G if there is an intermediate subgroup K such that H satisfies p as a subgroup of K and K satisfies q as a subgroup of G.
A group is said to be COMPOSITION SERIES-UNIQUE if it has a unique composition series .
In the case of a finite group , this can be expressed inductively as saying that that group is one-headed and that the _ head _ ( viz the unique maximal normal subgroup ) is itself composition series-unique .
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPOSITION SUBGROUP if there is a composition series starting at the subgroup and ending at the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed COMPRESSED if for any subgroup K of G containing H , the rank of H is not more than the rank of K .
We typically study compressed subgroups inside a free group .
The subgroup property of being compressed is obtained by applying the intermediately operator to the subgroup property of being a rank-dominated subgroup .
A subgroup is said to be rank-dominated in a group if the rank of the subgroup is not more than the rank of the group .
A CON-COS GROUP is a group G with a normal subgroup N satisfying the following two conditions : - Any two non-identity elements of N are conjugate in G. - Every non-identity coset of N in G is a conjugacy class in G. Note that if G is an abelian group , we can set N to be the trivial subgroup .
A CONGRUENCE ON A GROUP is an equivalence relation on the elements of the group that is compatible with all the group operations .
A congruence on a group G is an equivalence relation ≡ on G such that : - a ≡ b ⟹ a ^ ( ( − 1 ) ≡ b ) ( − 1 ) - a ≡ b , c ≡ d ⟹ ac ≡ bd The term CONGRUENCE can more generally be used for any algebra , in the theory of universal algebras .
A CONJUGACY CLASS in a group can be defined in any of the following ways : - It is an orbit of the group ( as a set ) under the action of the group on itself by conjugation ( or as inner automorphisms ) - It is an equivalence class under the equivalence relation of being conjugate Suppose G is a group .
A CONJUGACY CLASS in G is a nonempty subset c of G such that the following two conditions hold : - Given any x , y ∈ c , there exists g ∈ G such that gxg ^ ( − 1 ) = y. - If x ∈ c and g ∈ G then gxg ^ ( − 1 ) ∈ c .
In other words , it is closed under the action of the group on itself by conjugation , and the action is transitive when restricted to the conjugacy class .
In the language of group actions , it is a single orbit under the action of the group on itself by conjugation .
Any group is a disjoint union of conjugacy classes .
Let G be a group and p a prime .
A CONJUGACY FUNCTOR is a map W from the collection of nontrivial p-subgroups of G to the collection of nontrivial p-subgroups of G that satisfies : - For any p-subgroup H , W ( H ) ≤ H. - For any p-subgroup H , and any x ∈ G , xW ( H ) x ^ ( ( − 1 ) = W ( xHx ) ( − 1 ) ) .
Examples of conjugacy functors include the identity mapping , the functors corresponding to different possible Thompson subgroups , and the ZJ-functor .
Note also that any central functor is a conjugacy functor .
Also , every characteristic p-functor is a conjugacy functor .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CONJUGACY-CLOSED HALL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following conditions : - It is conjugacy-closed : Any two elements of the subgroup that are conjugate in the whole group are conjugate in the subgroup .
- It is a Hall subgroup : Its order and index are relatively prime .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CONJUGACY-CLOSED CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if it is both a conjugacy-closed subgroup ( i.e. , any two elements of the subgroup that are conjugate in the whole group are conjugate in the subgroup ) and a characteristic subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGACY-CLOSED NORMAL if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - It is normal as well as conjugacy-closed ( viz any two elements of the subgroup that are conjugate in the whole group are also conjugate in the subgroup ) .
- Every class automorphism of the whole group restricts to a class automorphism of the subgroup ( a class automorphism is an automorphism that sends each element to within its conjugacy class ) .
- Every inner automorphism of the whole group restricts to a class automorphism of the subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CONJUGACY-CLOSED NORMAL if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - H ⊲ G and whenever gxg ^ ( − 1 ) = y for x , y ∈ H and g ∈ G , there exists h ∈ H such that hxh ^ ( − 1 ) = y. - Given any automorphism σ of G such that for every x ∈ G , there exists g ∈ G such that σ ( x ) = gxg ^ ( − 1 ) , we also have the following : for every x ∈ H there exists h ∈ H such that σ ( x ) = hxh ^ ( − 1 ) .
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGACY-CLOSED if any two elements of the subgroup that are conjugate in the whole group are also conjugate in the subgroup .
A conjugacy-closed subgroup is also sometimes termed C-CLOSED , but now c-closed subgroup has a different meaning .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CONJUGACY-CLOSED if given x and y in H such that there is g in G satisfying gxg ^ ( − 1 ) = y , then there is an h in H satisfying hxh ^ ( − 1 ) = y .
A related term is FUSION .
Two elements of a subgroup are said to fuse in the whole group if they become conjugate in the whole group .
A subgroup is conjugacy-closed , essentially if no further fusion occurs when passing from the subgroup to the whole group .
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are groups .
We say that H is CONJUGACY-DETERMINED in K relative to G , or that K contains fusion of elements of H in G , if two elements of H are conjugate in K if and only if they are conjugate in G .
If H is conjugacy-determined in itself relative to G , H is termed a conjugacy-closed subgroup of G.
A group is termed CONJUGACY-SEPARABLE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Every element in it is a conjugacy-distinguished element .
Given any two elements in it that are not conjugate , there exists a finite quotient group where their images are also not conjugate .
It is a residually finite group and , under the natural embedding into its profinite completion ( note that the map is an embedding because it is residually finite ) , the group is a conjugacy-closed subgroup of the profinite completion .
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGATE-COMMENSURABLE if it is commensurable with each of its conjugate subgroups .
Equivalently , its commensurator in the whole group is the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CONJUGATE-COMMENSURABLE SUBGROUP if , for any g ∈ G , H ∩ gHg ^ ( ( − 1 ) \ has \ finite \ index \ in \ both \ H \ and \ gHg ) ( − 1 ) .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CONJUGATE-COMPARABLE SUBGROUP if it is comparable with each of its conjugate subgroups , in other words , every conjugate subgroup to it either contains it or is contained in it .
A subgroup of a group is said to be CONJUGATE-DENSE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - The union of all conjugates of the subgroup in the group , is the whole group - Every element in the whole group is conjugate to some element in the subgroup - Every cyclic subgroup of the whole group is conjugate to a cyclic subgroup of the given subgroup .
In other words , it _ dominates _ all cyclic subgroups - For the action of the whole group on the coset space , every element of the group has a fixed point .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CONJUGATE-DENSE in G if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - ⋃ _ ( g ∈ G ) gHg ^ ( − 1 ) = G - For any a ∈ G , there exists b ∈ G such that bab ^ ( − 1 ) ∈ H - For every cyclic subgroup C ≤ G , there exists b ∈ G such that bCb ^ ( − 1 ) ≤ H - Under the natural action of G on the coset space G/H , every g ∈ G has a fixed point .
A subgroup property p is termed CONJUGATE-JOIN-CLOSED if the join of a nonempty collection of conjugate subgroups satisfying p , also satisfies p. Note that any two subgroups in the collection must be conjugate ; however , the collection need not include all members of that conjugacy class of subgroups .
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGATE-JOIN-CLOSED SUBNORMAL if the join of any collection of conjugate subgroups to it is a subnormal subgroup .
A subgroup of a group is said to be CONJUGATE-LARGE if any subgroup all of whose conjugates intersect it trivially must be the trivial subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is said to be CONJUGATE-LARGE if whenever K is a subgroup such that K ^ ( g ) ∩ H is trivial for every g ∈ G , K must itself be trivial .
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGATE-PERMUTABLE if it permutes with every conjugate of itself , or equivalently , if its product with every conjugate of it is a subgroup .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CONJUGATE-PERMUTABLE if HH ^ ( ( g ) = H ) ( g ) H for all g in G , or equivalently , if HH ^ ( ( g ) \ is \ a \ group \ for \ all \ g \ in \ G. \ ( here \ H ) ( g ) = g ^ ( − 1 ) Hg is a conjugate subgroup to H in G ) .
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are groups .
We say that H is a CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY EMBEDDED NORMAL SUBGROUP of K with respect to G if H is a normal subgroup of K , and further , if L is a conjugate subgroup to K containing H , then there exists an isomorphism σ : K → L such that σ ( H ) = H .
In other words , H ≤ K ≤ G is both conjugation-invariantly embedded and relatively normal .
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are subgroups .
We say that H is CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY EMBEDDED in K with respect to G if , for any conjugate L of K in G that contains H , there is an isomorphism σ : K → L such that σ ( H ) = H.
A subgroup of a group is said to be CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY PERMUTABLY COMPLEMENTED if it satisfies both the conditions below : - It is permutably complemented , viz the set of its permutable complements is empty - The set of its permutable complements is closed under conjugation .
In other words , any conjugate of a permutable complement is also a permutable complement .
A subgroup H of a group G is said to be CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY PERMUTABLY COMPLEMENTED if the following are true : - There exists a subgroup K of G such that HK = G and H ∩ K is trivial ( in other words , a permutable complement of H in G ) - If K and H are permutable complements , then K ^ ( g ) and H are also permutable complements for any g ∈ G.
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G .
We say that H is CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY RELATIVELY NORMAL in K with respect to G if H is a normal subgroup in every conjugate of K in G that contains H.
Let G be a group of prime power order .
A subgroup H of G is termed a CONSTRUCTIBLY CRITICAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following two conditions : The center of H , say K : = Z ( H ) , is maximal among Abelian characteristic subgroups H is the intersection of C _ ( G ) ( K ) and the inverse image in G of the subgroup Ω ₁ ( Z ( G/K ) ) of G/K
A subgroup of a group is termed a CONTRACHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : Its characteristic closure in the whole group equals the whole group .
It is not contained in any proper characteristic subgroup of the whole group .
A subgroup of a group is contranormal if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - Its normal closure ( i.e. the smallest normal subgroup containing it ) in the group is the whole group - There is no proper subgroup of the whole group , containing every conjugate of the given subgroup A subgroup H of a group G is termed CONTRANORMAL in G if the normal closure H ^ ( G ) is equal to G. Note that this is _ not _ equivalent to saying that every element of G is conjugate to an element of H : that property is termed being a conjugate-dense subgroup .
Every maximal subgroup is either normal or contranormal .
This group , denoted Co ₀ or 2 ⋅ Co ₁ , is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the automorphism group of the Leech lattice .
It is the Schur covering group ( specifically , it is a double cover ) of Conway group : Co1 .
Its center is cyclic group : Z2 and the inner automorphism group is Conway group : Co1 .
The group , denoted Co ₁ , is defined as the inner automorphism group of Co ₀ ( see Conway group : Co0 ) , which in turn is defined as the automorphism group of the Leech lattice .
Note that Co ₀ has a center which is isomorphic to cyclic group : Z2 , with the non-identity element corresponding to the automorphism given by sending every vector to its negative .
Thus , Co ₁ is the quotient group of Co ₀ by a subgroup of order two .
The group is a finite simple non-abelian group , and in fact , it is one of the 26 sporadic simple groups .
It is also one of the three Conway groups .
This group , denoted Co ₂ , is defined as the subgroup of Conway group : Co0 ( the automorphism group of the Leech lattice ) that is the isotropy subgroup of the nonzero vector of length 4 in the lattice .
Since the subgroup intersects the center of Co ₀ trivially , it can be realized as a subgroup of Conway group : Co1 , the inner automorphism group of Co ₀ .
The group is a finite simple non-abelian group .
In fact , it is one of the 26 sporadic simple groups and one of the three Conway groups .
This group , denoted Co ₃ , is defined as the subgroup of Conway group : Co0 ( the automorphism group of the Leech lattice ) comprising the automorphisms that fix a particular vector of length 6 , i.e. , the isotropy subgroup of length 6 .
Since the subgroup intersects the center of Conway group : Co0 trivially , it can also be viewed as a subgroup of Conway group : Co1 , which is the inner automorphism group of the Conway group : Co0 .
This is a finite simple non-abelian group that is one of the 26 sporadic simple groups , and is also one of the three Conway groups .
A subgroup H of a finite group G is termed COPIME AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL CHARACTERISTIC if every automorphism of G restricts to an automorphism of H ( i.e. , H is a characteristic subgroup ) and if K is the kernel of the map : Aut ( G ) → Aut ( H ) defined by restriction , then every prime divisor of the order of K , divides the order of G.
A subgroup of a group is termed a COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a coprime automorphism-faithful subgroup and a normal subgroup of the whole group .
A subgroup H of a finite group G is termed COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL if , given any non-identity automorphism σ ∈ Aut ( G ) such that σ ( H ) = H , and such that the order of σ is relatively prime to the order of G , σ acts nontrivially on H. Equivalently , any coprime automorphism group of G that acts trivially on G must be trivial .
A subgroup of a finite group is termed a COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both normal and coprime automorphism-invariant : it is invariant under all coprime automorphisms of the whole group .
Suppose G is a finite group and H is a subgroup of G .
We say that H is a COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP of G if , for any automorphism σ of G whose order is relatively prime to the order of G , we have σ ( H ) = H.
A subgroup of a group is termed CORE-CHARACTERISTIC if its normal core is a characteristic subgroup of the whole group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CORE-CHARACTERISTIC if the normal core H _ ( G ) of H in G is a characteristic subgroup of G.
A subgroup of a group is termed a CORE-FREE 2-SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a core-free subgroup ( i.e. , its normal core is trivial ) and a subnormal subgroup .
A finite group is said to be CORE-FREE if it satisfies the following conditions : - It has no nontrivial normal subgroup of odd order - The Brauer core is trivial
A subgroup of a group is termed a CORE-FREE PERMUTABLE SUBGROUP if it is both core-free ( i.e. , its normal core is trivial ) and permutable ( i.e. , quasinormal ) .
A subgroup of a group is termed core-free if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - Its normal core ( viz the intersection of al its conjugates ) is trivial - The action of the group on the coset space is effective ( that is , every element of the group acts nontrivially on the coset space ) A subgroup H of a group G is termed _ core-free _ if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - ⋂ _ ( x ) xHx ^ ( − 1 ) is the trivial subgroup .
- The action of G by left multiplication on the coset space G/H is effective , that is , for every g ∈ G , there is a coset xH such that g ( xH ) ≠ xH .
A subgroup of a group is termed a CORE-FREE SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a core-free subgroup ( i.e. , its normal core is trivial ) and a subnormal subgroup .
A group is said to be COUNTABLE or DENUMERABLE or ENUMERABLE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : It is countable as a set , i.e. , its order is a cardinal that is at most the cardinality of the natural numbers .
It has a countable generating set .
Sometimes , the term _ countable _ is used to refer only to _ infinite _ countable groups , i.e. , finite groups are specifically excluded .
Whether this is the valid interpretation depends on the context .
Suppose G is a group .
We say that G is a COUNTABLY FREE GROUP if every countable subgroup of G is a free group .
A group is termed a COXETER GROUP if it can be equipped with a finite presentation given by the following relations : - The square of every generator - For some of the pairwise products of the generators , a certain power of that pairwise product A presentation of this kind is termed a COXETER PRESENTATION .
Often , the term _ Coxeter group _ is used for the group along with a _ specific choice _ of Coxeter presentation .
A group G is termed a COXETER GROUP if it can be equipped with a finite presentation with generators s _ ( i ) and relations : - s _ ( i ) ² = 1 - ( s _ ( i ) s _ ( j ) ) ^ ( m _ ( ij ) ) = 1 where m _ ( ij ) is a symmetric function of i and j ( for distinct i and j ) Alternatively we can consider a symmetric matrix m _ ( ij ) with the diagonal entries being 1 and simply require that for each i and j ( not necessarily distinct ) ( s _ ( i ) s _ ( j ) ) ^ ( m _ ( ij ) ) = 1 .
Note that we allow the entries m _ ( ij ) to be 0 .
Such a presentation is termed a COXETER PRESENTATION and the matrix of m _ ( ij ) s is termed a COXETER MATRIX .
Often , the term _ Coxeter group _ is used for a Coxeter group along with a _ specific choice _ of Coxeter presentation .
A CRING is a set equipped with the following structures : An abelian group structure with binary operation denoted by + and identity element denoted by 0 .
A binary operation THAT IS A 2-COCYCLE FOR TRIVIAL GROUP ACTION OF THE ABELIAN GROUP ON ITSELF , SUCH THAT X 0 = 0 * x = 0 for all x in the set .
A subgroup of a group of prime power order ( or more generally , of a possibly infinite p-group ) is termed a CRITICAL SUBGROUP if it is characteristic in the whole group and satisfies the following three conditions : The subgroup is a Frattini-in-center group : Its Frattini subgroup is contained in its center .
The subgroup is a commutator-in-center subgroup : Its commutator with the whole group is contained in its center .
The subgroup is a self-centralizing subgroup : Its centralizer in the whole group is contained in it .
Let G be a group of prime power order ( or more generally , a possibly infinite p-group ) .
A subgroup H of G is said to be CRITICAL if it is characteristic in G , and the following three conditions hold : Φ ( H ) ≤ Z ( H ) , i.e. , the Frattini subgroup is contained inside the center ( i.e. , H is a Frattini-in-center group ) .
[ G , H ] ≤ Z ( H ) ( i.e. , H is a commutator-in-center subgroup of G ) .
C _ ( G ) ( H ) = Z ( H ) ( i.e. , H is a self-centralizing subgroup of G ) .
A subgroup H of G is said to be a CUTTING SUBGROUP if it is a self-normalizing subgroup and satisfies the further conditions ( equivalent subject to the subgroup being self-normalizing ) : - There exists a real representation V of G such that the dimension of V ^ ( ( H ) \ is \ one \ more \ than \ the \ dimension \ of \ V ) ( G ) ( V ^ ( ( H ) \ and \ V ) ( G ) are the subspaces comprising points fixed pointwise under the action of H and G respectively ) - There exists a real representation V of G such that V ^ ( G ) has dimension 0 and V ^ ( H ) has dimension 1 - There exists an irreducible nontrivial real representation V of G such that V ^ ( H ) has dimension 1
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the cyclic group of order 10 .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order five and the cyclic group of order two .
This group , denoted $ C _ { 12 } , \ Z _ { 12 } $ or $ \ Z/12 \ Z$ , is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is a cyclic group of order 12 .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order three and the cyclic group of order four .
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 128 = 2 ⁷ , denoted C ₁₂₈ , ℤ ₁₂₈ , or ℤ/128ℤ .
The CYCLIC GROUP OF ORDER SIXTEEN , denoted C ₁₆ , ℤ ₁₆ or sometimes ℤ/16ℤ , is the cyclic group having 16 elements .
In other words , it is the quotient of the group of integers ℤ by the subgroup 16ℤ of multiples of 1 .
It is given by the presentation : ⟨ x ∣ x ¹⁶ = e ⟩ where e is the identity element .
This group , denoted C ₁₈ , $ \ Z _ { 18 } $ , $ \ Z/18 \ Z$ , is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the direct product of cyclic group of order nine and cyclic group of order two .
It is the cyclic group of order 18 .
The cyclic group of order 2 is defined as the unique group of order two .
Explicitly it can be described as a group with two elements , say e and x such that ex = xe = x and e ² = x ² = e .
It can also be viewed as : - The quotient group of the group of integers by the subgroup of even integers - The multiplicative group comprising 1 and − 1 ( in this context it is also termed the sign group ) - The additive group of the field of two elements .
- Bits under the XOR operation - The on two elements .
In particular , it is a symmetric group on finite set and symmetric group of prime degree .
- The GL ( 1 , 3 ) ( or equivalently , the multiplicative group of the field of order 3 ) - The multiplicative group of the ring ℤ/4ℤ - The group of units in ℤ - The group $ S ^ 0 ( \ R ) $ viz. , the group of vectors in $ \ R ^ 1 $ of unit length This group is denoted as C ₂ , ℤ ₂ and sometimes as ℤ/2ℤ .
Element e ( identity element ) x ( non-identity element ) --------- ---------------------- -------------------------- e e x x x e
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the cyclic group of order 20 .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order five and cyclic group of order four .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the cyclic group of order 24 .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order eight and the cyclic group of order three .
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 243 = 3 ⁵ , and is denoted $ \ Z _ { 243 } $ , C ₂₄₃ or $ \ Z/243 \ Z$ .
This group , denoted $ C _ { 27 } , \ Z _ { 27 } , \ Z/27 \ Z$ , is defined as the cyclic group of order 27 .
The cyclic group of order 3 is defined as the unique group of order 3 .
Equivalently it can be described as a group with three elements e = x ⁰ , x , x ² where x ^ ( ( l ) x ) ( m ) = x ^ ( l + m ) with the exponent reduced mod 1 .
It can also be viewed as : - The quotient group of the group of integers by the subgroup of multiples of 3 - The multiplicative group comprising the three cuberoots of unity ( as a subgroup of the multiplicative group of nonzero complex numbers ) - The alternating group on three elements - The group of orientation-preserving symmetries ( rotational symmetries ) of the equilateral triangle - The multiplicative group of the field of four elements .
In particular , it is the GL ( 1 , 4 ) .
Element e ( identity element ) x ( generator ) x ² ( generator ) --------- ---------------------- --------------- ---------------- e e x x ² x x x ² e x ² x ² e x
This group , denoted C ₃₂ , ℤ ₃₂ , or $ \ Z/32 \ Z$ , is the cyclic group of order 32 .
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the cyclic group , and specifically finite cyclic group , of order 36 .
It is the external direct product of cyclic group : Z4 and cyclic group : Z9 .
The cyclic group of order 4 is defined as a group with four elements e = x ⁰ , x ¹ , x ² , x ³ where x ^ ( ( l ) x ) ( m ) = x ^ ( l + m ) where the exponent is reduced modulo 4 .
In other words , it is the cyclic group whose order is four .
It can also be viewed as : - The quotient group of the group of integers by the subgroup comprising multiples of 4 .
- The multiplicative subgroup of the nonzero complex numbers under multiplication , generated by i ( a squareroot of − 1 ) .
- The group of rotational symmetries of the square .
This is the multiplication table using multiplicative notation : Element e ( identity element ) x ( generator ) x ² x ³ ( generator ) --------- ---------------------- --------------- ---- ---------------- e e x x ² x ³ x x x ² x ³ e x ² x ² x ³ e x This is the multiplication table using additive notation , i.e. , thinking of the group as the group of integers modulo 4 : Element 0 ( identity element ) 1 ( generator ) 2 3 ( generator ) --------- ---------------------- --------------- --- --------------- 0 0 1 2 3 1 1 2 3 0 2 2 3 0 1
This group , denoted C ₄₀ , ℤ ₄₀ , or ℤ/40ℤ , is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the unique ( up to isomorphism ) cyclic group of order 40 , i.e. , it is a group of integers modulo n where n = 40 .
- It is the external direct product of cyclic group : Z8 and cyclic group : Z5 , i.e. , is it ℤ ₈ × ℤ ₅ .
This group , denoted $ C_5 , \ Z_5 , \ Z/5 \ Z$ , is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the cyclic group of order five .
- It is the additive group of the field of five elements .
The cyclic group of order 6 is defined as the group of order six generated by a single element .
Equivalently it can be described as a group with six elements e = x ⁰ , x , x ² , x ³ , x ⁴ , x ⁵ where x ^ ( ( l ) x ) ( m ) = x ^ ( l + m ) with the exponent reduced mod 3 .
It can also be viewed as : - The quotient group of the group of integers by the subgroup of multiples of 6 .
- The multiplicative group comprising the six sixth roots of unity ( as a subgroup of the multiplicative group of nonzero complex numbers ) - The group of orientation-preserving symmetries ( rotational symmetries ) of the regular hexagon .
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 64 = 2 ⁶ .
This group , denoted $ C_7 , \ Z_7 , \ Z/7 \ Z$ is defined as the cyclic group of order 7 , i.e. , the group of integers modulo n where n = 7 .
Equivalently , it is the additive group of the field of seven elements .
The CYCLIC GROUP OF ORDER EIGHT , denoted C ₈ , ℤ ₈ , or ℤ/8ℤ , is defined as the cyclic group of order eight , i.e. , it is the quotient of the group of integers ℤ by the subgroup 8ℤ of multiples of eight .
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 81 .
It is denoted as C ₈₁ , $ \ Z _ { 81 } $ or $ \ Z/81 \ Z$ .
This group , denoted $ C_9 , \ Z_9 , \ Z/9 \ Z$ , is defined as the cyclic group of order 9 .
A CYCLIC NORMAL SUBGROUP OF FINITE GROUP is a cyclic normal subgroup ( i.e. , a normal subgroup that is also a cyclic group ) of a finite group .
A group is said to be a CYCLIC-CENTER GROUP if its center is a cyclic group .
A group G is said to be a CYCLIC-CENTER GROUP if there is x ∈ G such that Z ( G ) = < x > .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CYCLONORMAL if for any g ∈ G \ H , the intersection H ∩ gHg ^ ( − 1 ) is either the trivial group , or a cyclic subgroup .
A CYCLOTOMIC GROUP is a group which occurs as the Galois group of a cyclotomic field extension .
A subgroup of a group is said to be a DRC-subgroup if its characteristic closure is the direct product of itself with subgroups isomorphic to it , viz its characteristic closure is a direct power of it , or equivalently , if it is a direct root in its characteristic closure .
A group is termed a DEDEKIND GROUP or HAMILTONIAN GROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - Every subgroup is normal .
- Every cyclic subgroup is normal .
- Every inner automorphism is a power automorphism .
- The normal closure of any singleton subset ( or equivalently , the normal closure of the cyclic subgroup generated by any element ) is a cyclic group .
The word _ Hamiltonian _ is reserved , by some mathematicians , for only non-abelian Dedekind groups .
The DERIVED SUBGROUP or COMMUTATOR SUBGROUP of a group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the subgroup generated by all commutators of the whole group .
It is the normal closure of the subgroup generated by all commutators of the whole group .
It is the intersection of all abelian-quotient subgroups ( viz. , normal subgroups with abelian quotients ) .
In other words , it is the smallest normal subgroup for which the quotient group is abelian .
The DERIVED SUBGROUP or COMMUTATOR SUBGROUP of a group G , denoted as [ G , G ] or as G ′ , is defined in the following way : It is the subgroup generated by all commutators , or elements of the form [ x , y ] = xyx ^ ( ( − 1 ) y ) ( − 1 ) where x , y ∈ G .
It is the normal closure of the subgroup generated by all elements of the form [ x , y ] .
it is the intersection of all abelian-quotient subgroups of G , viz. , subgroups $ H \ underline { \ triangleleft } G$ such that G/H is an abelian group .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed DESCENDANT if we have subgroups H _ ( α ) of G for every ordinal α such that : - H ₀ = G - $ H _ { \ alpha + 1 } \ \ underline { \ triangleleft } \ H _ \ alpha $ ( viz H _ ( α + 1 ) is a normal subgroup of H _ ( α ) ) for every ordinal α .
- If α is a limit ordinal , then H _ ( α ) = ⋂ _ ( γ < α ) H _ ( γ ) .
and such that there is some ordinal β such that H _ ( β ) = H .
The subgroup property of being an descendant subgroup is obtained by applying the descendant closure operator to the subgroup property of being normal .
Suppose G is a group and H = G ^ ( S ) is an unrestricted external direct product of | S | copies of G. Equivalently , H can be thought of as the group of functions from S to G with the group operations performed pointwise .
Then , the diagonal subgroup is the subgroup comprising the constant functions from S to G , or equivalently , the elements of H with all coordinates equal .
An automorphism σ of a group G is termed DIAGRAM-EXTENSIBLE if the following holds .
Given the following data : - A partially ordered set I with unique minimum element 0 - A group G _ ( i ) for each i ∈ I such that G ₀ = G - Inclusions G _ ( i ) → G _ ( j ) for i < j , compatible with composition There exist automorphisms σ _ ( i ) of G _ ( i ) for each i such that whenever i < j the restriction of σ _ ( j ) to G _ ( i ) is σ _ ( i ) , and such that σ ₀ = σ .
The DICYCLIC GROUP , also called the BINARY DIHEDRAL GROUP with parameter n is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is given by the presentation : ⟨ a , x ∣ a ^ ( ( 2n ) = e , x ² = a ) ( n ) , xax ^ ( ( − 1 ) = a ) ( − 1 ) ⟩ Here , e is the identity element .
- It has the following faithful representation as a subgroup of the quaternions : a = e ^ ( iπ/n ) , x = j. - It is the binary von Dyck group with parameters ( n , 2 , 2 ) , i.e. , it has the presentation : ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ^ ( n ) = b ² = c ² = abc ⟩ .
The dicyclic group with parameter n has order 4n , and it is an extension of a cyclic group of order 2n by a cyclic group of order 2 .
This group is defined as the dicyclic group of order 20 , and hence degree 5 .
In other words , it has the presentation : ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ⁵ = b ² = c ² = abc ⟩ Alternatively , it has the presentation : ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ¹⁰ = e , a ⁵ = b ² , bab ^ ( ( − 1 ) = a ) ( − 1 ) ⟩ .
This group is defined as the dicyclic group of order 24 ( hence , degree 6 ) .
In other words , it has the presentation : ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ⁶ = b ² = c ² = abc ⟩ .
The DIHEDRAL GROUP of degree n and order 2n , denoted sometimes as sometimes as D _ ( 2n ) ( THIS WIKI USES D _ ( 2n ) ) , sometimes as D _ ( n ) , and sometimes as Dih _ ( n ) , is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It has the presentation ( here , e denotes the identity element ) : ⟨ x , a ∣ a ^ ( ( n ) = x ² = e , xax ) ( − 1 ) = a ^ ( − 1 ) ⟩ - ( For n ≥ 3 ) : It is the group of symmetries of a regular n-gon in the plane , viz. , the plane isometries that preserves the set of points of the regular n-gon .
The dihedral groups arise as a special case of a family of groups called von Dyck groups .
They also arise as a special case of a family of groups called Coxeter groups .
Note that for n = 1 and n = 2 , the geometric description of the dihedral group does not make sense .
In these cases , we use the algebraic description .
The infinite dihedral group , which is the n = ∞ case of the dihedral group and is denoted D _ ( ∞ ) and is defined as : ⟨ x , a ∣ x ² = e , xax ^ ( ( − 1 ) = a ) ( − 1 ) ⟩ .
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order ten .
In other words , it is the semidirect product of the cyclic group of order five and a cyclic group of order two .
This group , usually denoted D ₁₂ ( though denoted D ₆ in an alternate convention ) is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the dihedral group of order twelve .
In other words , it is the dihedral group of degree six , i.e. , the group of symmetries of a regular hexagon .
- It is the direct product of the symmetric group of degree three and the cyclic group of order two .
- It is the outer linear group of degree two over the field of two elements , i.e. , the group OL ( 2 , 2 ) .
- It is Borel subgroup of general linear group for general linear group : GL ( 2,3 ) , i.e. , the general linear group of degree two over field : F3 .
The usual presentation is : ⟨ a , x ∣ a ⁶ = x ² = e , xax = a ^ ( − 1 ) ⟩ .
With this presentation , the symmetric group of degree three is the direct factor ⟨ a ² , x ⟩ and the complement of order two is the subgroup ⟨ a ³ ⟩ .
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order 128 = 2 ⁷ or , equivalently , the dihedral group of degree 64 = 2 ⁶ .
The group is defined as the dihedral group of degree 7 and hence order 1 .
It is given explicitly by the presentation : G : = ⟨ a , x ∣ a ⁷ = x ² = e , xax = a ^ ( − 1 ) ⟩ Here , e denotes the identity element .
The DIHEDRAL GROUP D ₁₆ , sometimes denoted D ₈ , also called the DIHEDRAL GROUP OF ORDER SIXTEEN or the DIHEDRAL GROUP OF DEGREE EIGHT or the DIHEDRAL GROUP ACTING ON EIGHT ELEMENTS , is a dihedral group defined by the presentation : ⟨ a , x ∣ a ⁸ = x ² = e , xax ^ ( ( − 1 ) = a ) ( − 1 ) ⟩ .
where e is the identity element .
The element a is termed a _ rotation _ or a _ generator of the cyclic piece _ and the element x is termed a _ reflection _ .
Note that the notation D ₈ is more commonly used to denote the dihedral group of order eight .
The DIHEDRAL GROUP D ₁₆ ( also called D ₈ ) is defined as the group of all symmetries of the regular octagon .
This has a cyclic subgroup comprising rotations ( which is the cyclic subgroup generated by a ) and has eight _ reflections _ each being an involution : four reflections about lines joining midpoints of opposite sides , and four reflections about diagonals .
The group can be defined as the subgroup of the symmetric group on { 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 } generated by a cycle of length 8 and a _ reflection _ : ⟨ ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 ) , ( 1 , 8 ) ( 2 , 7 ) ( 3 , 6 ) ( 4 , 5 ) ⟩
The group is defined as the dihedral group of order math > 18 and degree 1 .
In other words , it has the presentation : ⟨ a , x ∣ a ⁹ = x ² = e , xax = a ^ ( − 1 ) ⟩ .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the dihedral group of order 20 .
It is the direct product of the dihedral group of order ten and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is the dihedral group of order 24 .
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order 256 = 2 ⁸ and degree 128 = 2 ⁷ .
This group is the dihedral group of degree sixteen and order thirty-two .
It is given by the presentation : ⟨ a , x ∣ a ¹⁶ = x ² = e , xax = a ^ ( − 1 ) ⟩ .
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order 64 = 2 ⁶ ( or equivalently , the dihedral group of degree 32 = 2 ⁵ ) .
Explicitly , it is given by the presentation ( where e is the identity element ) : G : = ⟨ a , x ∣ a ³² = x ² = e , xax = a ^ ( − 1 ) ⟩
The DIHEDRAL GROUP D ₈ , sometimes called D ₄ , also called the of order eight or _ the dihedral group of degree four _ ( since its natural action is on four elements ) , or sometimes the _ octic group _ , is defined by the following presentation , with e denoting the identity element : ⟨ x , a ∣ a ⁴ = x ² = e , xax ^ ( ( − 1 ) = a ) ( − 1 ) ⟩ Here , the element a is termed the _ rotation _ or the _ generator of the cyclic piece _ and x is termed the _ reflection _ .
The DIHEDRAL GROUP D ₈ ( also called D ₄ ) is defined as the group of all symmetries of the square ( the regular 4-gon ) .
This has a cyclic subgroup comprising rotations ( which is the cyclic subgroup generated by a ) and has four _ reflections _ each being an involution : reflections about lines joining midpoints of opposite sides , and reflections about diagonals .
The group is ( up to isomorphism ) the subgroup of the symmetric group on { 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 } given by : { ( ) , ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 3 ) ( 2 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 4 , 3 , 2 ) , ( 1 , 3 ) , ( 2 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 4 ) ( 2 , 3 ) , ( 1 , 2 ) ( 3 , 4 ) } This can be related to the geometric definition by thinking of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 as the vertices of the square and considering an element of D ₈ in terms of its induced action on the vertices .
It relates to the presentation via setting a = ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) and x = ( 1 , 3 ) .
Here , e denotes the identity element , a is an element of order 4 , and x is an element of order two that is n't equal to a ² , as in the above presentation .
The dihedral group can be described in the following ways : The dihedral group of order eight .
The generalized dihedral group corresponding to the cyclic group of order four .
The holomorph of the cyclic group of order four .
The external wreath product of the cyclic group of order two with the cyclic group of order two , acting via the regular action .
The 2-Sylow subgroup of the symmetric group on four letters .
The 2-Sylow subgroup of the symmetric group on five letters .
The 2-Sylow subgroup of the alternating group on six letters .
The unitriangular matrix group of degree three UT ( 3 , 2 ) over field : F2 , 2-Sylow subgroup of PSL ( 3,2 ) .
The extraspecial group of order 2 ³ and type ' + ' .
A subgroup of a group is termed a DIRECT FACTOR OF CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : - It can be expressed as a direct factor of a characteristic subgroup - It is a direct factor in its characteristic closure The subgroup property of being a DFC-subgroup is obtained by applying the composition operator to the subgroup properties of being a direct factor and of being characteristic .
Suppose H is a subgroup of a group G .
We say that H is a DIRECT FACTOR OVER CENTRAL SUBGROUP of G if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions : There exists a subgroup A of H such that A is a central subgroup of G and H/A is a direct factor of the quotient group G/A .
In the quotient map ρ : G → G/Z ( G ) , where Z ( G ) is the center of G , ρ ( H ) is a direct factor of ρ ( G ) = G/Z ( G ) .
An automorphism of a group is said to be DIRECT FACTOR-PRESERVING if it takes each direct factor to itself , that is , if every direct factor is invariant under the automorphism .
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a DIRECT POWER-CLOSED CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if for every cardinal α , the subgroup H ^ ( α ) inside the direct power G ^ ( α ) ( using the external direct product ) is a characteristic subgroup of G ^ ( α ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and alternating group : A4 ( i.e. , two copies of the same group ) .
Equivalently , it is the square ( in the direct power sense ) of alternating group : A4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and dihedral group : D8 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and elementary abelian group : E8 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and the quaternion group of order eight .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and symmetric group : S3 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the alternating group of degree four A ₄ and the Klein four-group V ₄ ( the elementary abelian group of order 4 ) .
The group is denoted A ₄ × V ₄ or A ₄ × E ₄ .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : it is the external direct product of the alternating group of degree four and the cyclic group of order two .
It is the wreath product of the cyclic group of order two and the cyclic group of order three , acting regularly .
In other words , it is the group $ \ Z_2 \ wr Z_3 $ , or equivalently , the group $ ( \ Z_2 \ times \ Z_2 \ times \ Z_2 ) \ rtimes \ Z_3 $ , where the latter acts on the former by cylic permutations of coordinates .
This group can be defined as the external direct product of the alternating group of degree 4 and the cyclic group of order 3 .
This group of order 48 is defined as the external direct product of the alternating group of degree four and the cyclic group of order four .
It may be denoted as A ₄ × ℤ ₄ or A ₄ × C ₄ .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of alternating group : A4 , cyclic group : Z4 , and cyclic group : Z2 .
It is the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and direct product of Z4 and Z2 .
It is the external direct product of cyclic group : Z4 and direct product of A4 and Z2 .
It is the external direct product of cyclic group : Z2 and direct product of A4 and Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and cyclic group : Z5 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A4 and cyclic group : Z8 .
This group can be defined in a number of equivalent ways : It is the direct product of the alternating group of degree five and the symmetric group of degree three .
In other words , it is A ₅ × S ₃ .
It is the outer linear group OL ( 2 , 4 ) , i.e. , it is the semidirect product of the general linear group : GL ( 2,4 ) by a two-element cyclic group acting via the transpose-inverse map .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : The group A ₅ , i.e. , alternating group : A5 ( order 60 ) , which is also PSL ( 2 , 4 ) and PSL ( 2 , 5 ) .
The group SL ( 2 , 7 ) , i.e. , special linear group : SL ( 2,7 ) ( order 336 ) , which is also the double cover of PSL ( 3,2 ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A5 and Klein four-group ( which in turn is the direct product of two copies of cyclic group : Z2 ) .
In symbols , it is denoted A ₅ × V ₄ where A ₅ stands for the alternating group of degree five and V ₄ stands for the Klein four-group .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the full icosahedral group : it is the group of all rigid symetries of the regular icosahedron , including both orientation-preserving symmetries and orientation-reversing symmetries .
It is the external direct product of the alternating group of degree five and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A5 and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A5 ( a simple non-abelian group of order 60 ) and cyclic group : Z7 ( a group of order 7 ) .
It is the smallest example of a non-solvable group that is a p-solvable group for some prime number p dividing its order ( in this case , p = 7 ) .
In fact , the group is a p-nilpotent group for p = 7 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group : A6 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of the dihedral group of order 12 ( degree 6 ) and the cyclic group of order 2 .
It is the external direct product of the symmetric group of degree 3 and the Klein four-group .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of dihedral group : D12 and cyclic group : Z3 .
It is the external direct product of symmetric group : S3 and cyclic group : Z6 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group : D16 and the Klein four-group .
This group is defined as the direct product of dihedral group of order sixteen and cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : dihedral group : D16 and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group : D16 and defining ingredient : : cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group : D32 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is constructed as the external direct product of two copies of the dihedral group of order eight ( and degree four ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group : D8 and elementary abelian group : E8 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group : D8 ( the dihedral group of degree four and order eight ) and quaternion group ( the quaternion group of order eight ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : dihedral group : D8 and symmetric group : S3 .
The group is defined in the following ways : It is the direct product of the dihedral group of order eight and the Klein four-group .
It is the generalized dihedral group corresponding to the direct product of Z4 and V4 .
This group is defined in the following ways : - It is the external direct product of the dihedral group of order eight and the cyclic group of order two .
- It is the generalized dihedral group corresponding to the direct product of Z4 and Z2 .
- It is the 2-Sylow subgroup of the symmetric group of degree six .
A presentation for it is : G : = ⟨ a , x , y ∣ a ⁴ = x ² = y ² = e , xax = a ^ ( − 1 ) , ya = ay , xy = yx ⟩ .
This group is defined as the direct product of the dihedral group of order eight and the cyclic group of order three .
This group is defined as the direct product of the dihedral group of order eight and cyclic group of order four .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of dihedral group : D8 , cyclic group : Z4 , and cyclic group : Z2 .
It is the external direct product of dihedral group : D8 and direct product of Z4 and Z2 .
It is the external direct product of direct product of D8 and Z2 and cyclic group : Z4 .
It is the external direct product of direct product of D8 and Z4 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group : D8 and cyclic group : Z5 .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of the following two groups : dihedral group : D8 and cyclic group : Z6 .
It is the external direct product of the following three groups : dihedral group : D8 , cyclic group : Z2 , and cyclic group : Z3 .
It is the external direct product of the following two groups : direct product of D8 and Z2 and cyclic group : Z3 .
It is the external direct product of the following two groups : direct product of D8 and Z3 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group : D8 and cyclic group : Z7 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the dicyclic group of order 12 and the cyclic group of order 2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the elementary abelian group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order four .
It can be defined as the abelian group of prime power order for the prime 2 and the partition 6 = 2 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the direct product of the elementary abelian group of order eight and the cyclic group of order three .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order six and the Klein four-group .
This group is defined as the direct product of the elementary abelian group of order eight and the cyclic group of order four .
This group is defined as the external direct product of M16 and the Klein four-group .
The DIRECT PRODUCT OF M16 AND Z2 is defined as the group obtained as the external direct product of the group M16 and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : M16 and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the group M16 ( which is a semidirect product of cyclic group : Z8 and cyclic group : Z2 acting via the multiplication by five map ) and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the direct product of the semidirect product of Z9 and Z3 ( the unique non-abelian group of order 27 and exponent 9 ) and the cyclic group of order three .
This group is defined as the external direct product of M32 and cyclic group : Z2 .
It can also be defined by the following presentation : ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ¹⁶ = b ² = c ² = e , bab ^ ( − 1 ) = a ⁹ , ac = ca , bc = cb ⟩
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : generalized quaternion group : Q16 and Klein four-group .
Equivalently , it is the product of one copy of generalized quaternion group : Q16 and two copies of cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the generalized quaternion group : Q16 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : generalized quaternion group : Q16 and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group can be defined as the external direct product of generalized quaternion group : Q16 and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the two following two groups : generalized quaternion group : Q32 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group can be defined as the external direct product of two copies of the quaternion group ( which is a group of order eight ) .
This group is defined as an external direct product of the following two groups : quaternion group and symmetric group : S3 .
The group is the direct product of the quaternion group ( of order eight ) and the Klein four-group .
This group is defined as the direct product of the quaternion group ( of order eight ) and the cyclic group of order three .
This group is defined as the direct product of the quaternion group ( of order eight ) and the cyclic group of order four .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : the quaternion group of order 8 and cyclic group : Z5 .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways ( equivalent up to isomorphism ) : It is the direct product of the symmetric group of degree three and the cyclic group of order three .
It is the wreath product of the cyclic group of order three and the cyclic group of order two .
In other words , it is the semidirect product $ ( \ Z_3 \ times \ Z_3 ) \ rtimes \ Z_2 $ where $ \ Z_2 $ acts by coordinate exchange .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the symmetric group of degree three and the cyclic group of order four .
This group is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group : S4 and Klein four-group .
This group is defined in a number of equivalent ways : It is the full octahedral group : the group of all rigid symmetries ( both orientation-preserving and orientation-reversing ) of the regular octahedron .
It is the full cube group : the group of all rigid symmetries ( both orientation-preserving and orientation-reversing ) of the cube .
It is the external direct product of the symmetric group of degree four and the cyclic group of order two .
It is the automorphism group of the general linear group : GL ( 2,3 ) , i.e. , the general linear group of degree two over the field of three elements .
It is the wreath product of the cyclic group of order two and the symmetric group of degree three .
In other words , it is the group $ ( \ Z_2 \ times \ Z_2 \ times \ Z_2 ) \ rtimes S_3 $ where S ₃ acts by coordinate permutations .
It is the signed symmetric group of degree three .
( Note : This is a reinterpretation of the previous definition as a wreath product ) .
It is the projective general linear group of degree two over the ring ℤ/4ℤ , i.e. , it is the group PGL ( 2 , ℤ/4ℤ ) .
Note that this is _ not _ the same as the group PGL ( 2 , 4 ) , which is the projective general linear group of degree two over field : F4 ( and which is isomorphic to alternating group : A5 , a group of order 60 ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group : S4 and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group : S4 and cyclic group : Z4 .
This is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group : S4 and cyclic group : Z5 .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the direct product of the symmetric group of degree five and the Klein four-group .
it is the direct product of the symmetric group of degree five and two copies of the cyclic group of order two .
It is the automorphism group of general linear group : GL ( 2,5 ) .
It is the direct product of the automorphism group of general linear group : GL ( 2,4 ) and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the direct product of the symmetric group of degree five and cyclic group of order two .
It is the automorphism group of general linear group : GL ( 2,4 ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : semidihedral group : SD16 and Klein four-group .
This group is defined as the direct product of the semidihedral group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : semidihedral group : SD16 and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of semidihedral group : SD16 and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : semidihedral group : SD32 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group : SL ( 2,3 ) and the Klein four-group .
It may be denoted SL ( 2 , 3 ) × V ₄ .
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group : SL ( 2,3 ) ( the special linear group of degree two over field : F3 , the field of three elements ) and cyclic group : Z2 ( the cyclic group of two elements ) .
It is denoted SL ( 2 , 3 ) × ℤ ₂ or SL ( 2 , 3 ) × C ₂ .
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group : SL ( 2,3 ) and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group : SL ( 2,3 ) and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : The group SL ( 2 , 5 ) , i.e. , special linear group : SL ( 2,5 ) ( order 120 ) , which is also the double cover of alternating group : A5 .
The group PSL ( 3 , 2 ) , i.e. , projective special linear group : PSL ( 3,2 ) ( order 168 ) , which is also the projective special linear group of degree two over field : F7 , i.e. , the group PSL ( 2 , 7 ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : The group special linear group : SL ( 2,5 ) ( order 120 ) , which is also the double cover of alternating group : A5 ( and also its Schur covering group ) .
The group special linear group : SL ( 2,7 ) ( order 336 ) , which is also the double cover of PSL ( 3,2 ) ( and also its Schur covering group ) .
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group : SL ( 2,5 ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : central product of D8 and Z4 ( GAP ID : ( 16,13 ) ) and Klein four-group .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the central product of D8 and Z4 ( which is SmallGroup ( 16,13 ) ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of central product of D8 and Z4 ( GAP ID : ( 16,13 ) ) and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup ( 16,3 ) and Klein four-group .
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup ( 16,3 ) and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup ( 16,3 ) and cyclic group : Z3 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup ( 16,3 ) and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of nontrivial semidirect product of Z4 and Z4 ( GAP ID : ( 16,4 ) ) and Klein four-group .
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup ( 16,4 ) and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined as an external direct product of nontrivial semidirect product of Z4 and Z4 ( GAP ID : ( 16,4 ) ) and cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : nontrivial semidirect product of Z4 and Z8 and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as an external direct product of the following two schools : semidirect product of Z8 and Z4 of semidihedral type ( GAP ID : ( 32,13 ) ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : semidirect product of Z8 and Z4 of dihedral type ( GAP ID : ( 32,14 ) ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup ( 32,2 ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup ( 32,24 ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : SmallGroup ( 32,27 ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : SmallGroup ( 32,33 ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : semidirect product of Z8 and Z4 of M-type ( GAP ID : ( 32,4 ) ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
Explicitly , it is given by the presentation : G : = ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ⁸ = b ⁴ = c ² = e , ac = ca , bc = cb , bab ^ ( − 1 ) = a ⁹ ⟩
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : inner holomorph of D8 ( GAP ID : ( 32,49 ) , also the extraspecial group of order 32 and " + " type ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups : central product of D8 and Q8 , also the extraspecial group of " - " type and order 32 ( GAP ID : ( 32,50 ) ) and cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined as the direct product of the group of integers ( which is , up to isomorphism , the unique infinite cyclic group ) and the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order ten and the cyclic group of order two .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order five and the Klein four-group .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order five and two copies of the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 16 and Klein four-group ( i.e. , the elementary abelian group of order four ) .
In other words , it is given by the presentation : G : = ⟨ a , b , c ∣ a ¹⁶ = b ² = c ² = e , ab = ba , bc = cb , ac = ca ⟩ .
It is the abelian group of prime power order corresponding to the prime 2 and the partition 6 = 4 + 1 + 1 .
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order two .
This group can be defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order four .
Alternatively , it has the presentation : G : = ⟨ a , b ∣ a ¹⁶ = b ⁴ = e , ab = ba ⟩ .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 27 and the elementary abelian group of order 9 .
It is the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 27 and two copies of the cyclic group of order 3 .
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order 27 and the cyclic group of order three .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 27 and the cyclic group of order 9 .
It is thus the abelian group for the prime p = 3 corresponding to the partition 5 = 3 + 2 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 32 and cyclic group of order 2 .
This group can be defined in a number of equivalent ways : - It is the external direct product of a cyclic group of order four and a Klein four-group .
- It is the external direct product of a cyclic group of order four , and two copies of a cyclic group of order two .
The DIRECT PRODUCT OF Z4 AND Z2 is an abelian group of order eight obtained as the external direct product of cyclic group : Z4 and cyclic group : Z2 .
If we denote by a and b the generators of the direct factors , then the presentation is given by : G : = ⟨ a , b ∣ a ⁴ = b ² = e , ab = ba ⟩ .
Writing the presentation in additive notation , with commutativity implicit : G : = ⟨ a , b ∣ 4a = 2b = 0 ⟩ .
Here , we use ordered pairs , as is typical for external direct products , with the first coordinate corresponding to the cyclic group of order four and the second coordinate corresponding to the cyclic group of order two .
From the presentation notation , a = ( 1 , 0 ) , b = ( 0 , 1 ) and ma + nb = ( m , n ) .
Element ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) --------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ( 0 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 0 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 0 , 1 ) ( 1 , 1 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 3 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 ) ( 1 , 0 ) ( 2 , 0 )
This group , denoted ℤ ₄ × ℤ ₄ or C ₄ × C ₄ is defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is a homocyclic group of order sixteen and exponent four .
- It is the direct product of two copies of cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of two copies of cyclic group : Z4 and one copy of the Klein four-group .
Explicitly , it is given as : ℤ ₄ × ℤ ₄ × ℤ ₂ × ℤ ₂ where ℤ _ ( n ) denotes the cyclic group of order n.
This group is obtained as the external direct product of two copies of cyclic group : Z4 and one copy of cyclic group : Z2 .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of three copies of cyclic group : Z4 .
It is a homocyclic group of order 2 ⁶ = 64 and exponent 4 .
It is the cube of the group cyclic group : Z4 .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order six and cyclic group of order two .
It is the direct product of the Klein four-group and the cyclic group of order three .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order three and two copies of the cyclic group of order two .
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order six and the cyclic group of order three .
It is the direct product of the elementary abelian group of order nine and cyclic group of order two .
It is the direct product of the cyclic group of order two and two copies of the cyclic group of order three .
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order six and the cyclic group of order four .
This group is defined as the external direct product of cyclic group : Z8 and dihedral group : D8 .
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order eight and the elementary abelian group of order eight .
It is the abelian group of prime power order for the prime p = 2 and corresponding to the partition 6 = 3 + 1 + 1 + 1 .
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order eight and the Klein four-group .
This group , denoted ℤ ₈ × ℤ ₂ or C ₈ × C ₂ , can be defined in the following equivalent ways : - It is the external direct product of the cyclic group of order eight ( denoted C ₈ or ℤ ₈ ) and the cyclic group of order two ( denoted C ₂ or ℤ ₂ ) .
- It is the unique abelian group ( up to isomorphism ) of order sixteen and exponent eight .
This group is the direct product of the cyclic group of order eight and cyclic group of order four .
This group is a finite abelian group of order 2 ⁷ = 128 given as the direct product of cyclic group : Z8 , cyclic group : Z4 , and Klein four-group .
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of cyclic group : Z8 , cyclic group : Z4 , and cyclic group : Z2 .
It is the external direct product of direct product of Z8 and Z4 and cyclic group : Z2 .
It is the external direct product of direct product of Z8 and Z2 and cyclic group : Z4 .
It is the external direct product of direct product of Z4 and Z2 and cyclic group : Z8 .
This group can be defined as the external direct product of two copies of the cyclic group of order eight .
In other words , it has the presentation : G : = ⟨ x , y ∣ x ⁸ = y ⁸ = e , xy = yx ⟩ .
The group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 81 and the cyclic group of order 3 .
The group is defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 9 and the elementary abelian group of order 27 , i.e. , $ \ Z_9 \ times E _ { 27 } $ .
it is the external direct product of one copy of the cyclic group of order 9 and three copies of the cyclic group of order 3 .
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order 9 and elementary abelian group of order 9 .
Equivalently , it is the direct product of the cyclic group of order 9 and two copies of the cyclic group of order 3 .
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order 9 and the cyclic group of order 3 .
This group is defined as the direct product of two copies of the cyclic group of order nine .
This group is defined as the external direct product of two copies of the cyclic group of order 9 and one copy of the cyclic group of order 3 .
In other words , it is : $ \ Z_9 \ times \ Z_9 \ times \ Z_3 $
A group is termed a DIRECT PRODUCT OF FINITE GROUPS if it is isomorphic to the external direct product of a collection of ( possibly infinitely many ) finite groups .
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways : It is the external direct product of the group of rational numbers ℚ and the group of rational numbers modulo integers ℚ/ℤ .
Explicitly , it is the group ℚ × ℚ/ℤ .
It is the external central product of two copies of the group of rational numbers where we identify a copy of the group of integers in group of rational numbers in both groups with each other .
Explicitly , it is the central product of ℚ * _ ( ℤ ) ℤ .
