The (7, 3, 2)-von Dyck group, also sometimes termed the (2, 3, 7)-von Dyck group, is defined as the von Dyck group with parameters (7, 3, 2). 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a 1-AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT subgroup if any 1-automorphism of G sends H to itself. 
For every 1-automorphism φ of G, φ(H) ⊆ H. 
A subgroup of a group is said to be 1-COMPLETED if there is a single element outside the subgroup such that that element, along with the subgroup, generates the whole group. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed 1-ENDOMORPHISM-INVARIANT if, given any 1-endomorphism φ of G, φ(H) ⊆ H. 
Suppose G₁ and G₂ are groups. We say that G₁ and G₂ are 1-ISOMORPHIC if there exists a 1-isomorphism between G₁ and G₂, i.e., a 1-homomorphism of groups from G₁ to G₂ whose inverse is also a 1-homomorphism. 
There is a bijection between G₁ and G₂ whose restriction to any cyclic subgroup on either side is an isomorphism to its image. 
The (7, 3, 2)-von Dyck group, also sometimes termed the (2, 3, 7)-von Dyck group, is defined as the von Dyck group with parameters (7, 3, 2). 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a 1-AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT subgroup if any 1-automorphism of G sends H to itself. 
For every 1-automorphism φ of G, φ(H) ⊆ H. 
A subgroup of a group is said to be 1-COMPLETED if there is a single element outside the subgroup such that that element, along with the subgroup, generates the whole group. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed 1-ENDOMORPHISM-INVARIANT if, given any 1-endomorphism φ of G, φ(H) ⊆ H. 
Suppose G₁ and G₂ are groups. We say that G₁ and G₂ are 1-ISOMORPHIC if there exists a 1-isomorphism between G₁ and G₂, i.e., a 1-homomorphism of groups from G₁ to G₂ whose inverse is also a 1-homomorphism. 
There is a bijection between G₁ and G₂ whose restriction to any cyclic subgroup on either side is an isomorphism to its image. 
A group G is termed a 2-DIVISIBLE GROUP if it is a divisible group for the prime 2. 
A group is said to be 2-GENERATED or is called a 2-GENERATOR GROUP if it has a generating set comprising at most two elements. 
A subgroup of a group is termed 2-HYPERNORMALIZED if its normalizer is a normal subgroup. 
A GROUP G is termed a 2-LOCALLY FINITE GROUP if, given any two elements g₁, g₂ ∈ G, the subgroup ⟨g₁, g₂⟩ is a finite group. 
A group is termed a 2-POWERED GROUP if it is powered over the prime 2, i.e., the square map is bijective from the group to itself, or equivalently, every element has a unique square root. Equivalently, the group is powered over the ring ℤ[1/2]. 
A subring of a Lie ring is termed a 2-SUB-IDEAL if it is an ideal of an ideal of the Lie ring.  
A group is termed a 2-TORSION-FREE GROUP if it is torsion-free for the prime number 2. 
Explicitly, this means that the group has no element of order two, or equivalently, it has no non-identity element whose order is a power of 2. 
A group is termed 3-ABELIAN if it is n-abelian for n = 3, i.e., the cube map is an endomorphism of the group. 
A group is termed a 3-LOCALLY NILPOTENT GROUP if, for any subset of size at most three in the group, the subgroup generated by the subset is a nilpotent group. 
A 3-TRANSPOSITION GROUP is defined as a group that is either trivial or has a generating set that is a _single_ conjugacy class whose elements are 3-transpositions, i.e., involutions such that the product of any of them with any conjugate has order 1, 2, or 3. 
A finite group is termed an A-GROUP if every Sylow subgroup of it is Abelian. 
A group property is termed ACU-CLOSED if, whenever there is an ascending chain of subgroups in a group, each having the group property, the union of those subgroups also has the property. 
A subgroup property is termed ACU-CLOSED (or closed under _ascending chain unions_) if given any ascending chain of subgroups, each of which has the property, the union of those subgroups also has the property. The ascending chain here is indexed by natural numbers. 
A subgroup of a group is termed an AEP-SUBGROUP or AUTOMORPHISM EXTENSION PROPERTY SUBGROUP if any automorphism of the subgroup extends to an automorphism of the whole group. 
Let (G, Φ) and (H, Ψ) be APSes of groups. A HOMOMORPHISM f : G → H is the following data: for every n, a homomorphism of groups f_(n) : G_(n) → H_(n).
An APS of groups is an APS over the category of groups. 
An ABELIAN GROUP is a group where any two elements commute. 
A group G is termed ABELIAN if for any elements x and y in G, xy = yx (here xy denotes the product of x and y in G). 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an ABELIAN HEREDITARILY NORMAL SUBGROUP or ABELIAN TRANSITIVELY NORMAL SUBGROUP of G if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions: 
A subgroup of a group is termed an ABELIAN NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is abelian as a group and normal as a subgroup. 
A subgroup H of a group of prime power order G is termed an ABELIAN NORMAL SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM ORDER if it is an abelian normal subgroup (specifically, an abelian normal subgroup of group of prime power order) and there is no abelian normal subgroup of G of larger order than H. 
A subgroup of a group is termed an ABELIAN SUBGROUP if it is abelian as a group. 
A subgroup A of P is termed an ABELIAN SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM ORDER (sometimes also a LARGE ABELIAN SUBGROUP) if A is an abelian subgroup, and the order of any abelian subgroup of P divides the order of A. 
Suppose G is a group of prime power order, i.e., G is a finite p-group for some prime number p. 
Suppose H is a subgroup of G, then H is an ABELIAN SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM ORDER WHICH IS NORMAL if H is an abelian subgroup of maximum order in G and H is also a normal subgroup of G. 
Suppose P is a group of prime power order. 
A subgroup A of P is termed an ABELIAN SUBGROUP OF MAXIMUM RANK if A is an abelian subgroup of P and the rank of A (i.e., the minimum number of elements needed to generate A) is the maximum among the ranks of all abelian subgroups of P. 
A subgroup of a group is termed ABELIAN-COMPLETED if there is an Abelian subgroup such that their product is the whole group. 
An automorphism of an abelian group is termed ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE if it can be extended to an automorphism for any embedding of the group in an abelian group. 
Suppose G is an abelian group and H is a subgroup of G.
H is an ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP of G if, for every abelian-extensible automorphism σ of G, we have σ(H) = H. 
An endomorphism α of an abelian group G is termed ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE if, for any group H containing G, there exists an endomorphism α′ of H whose restriction to G is α. 
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is termed an ABELIAN-EXTENSIBLE ENDOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if it is invariant under all the abelian-extensible endomorphisms of G. 
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is termed an ABELIAN-POTENTIALLY CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if there exists an abelian group K containing G such that H is a characteristic subgroup of K. 
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is an ABELIAN-POTENTIALLY VERBAL SUBGROUP if there exists an abelian group K containing G such that H is a verbal subgroup of K. 
A subgroup H of an abelian group G is termed an ABELIAN-QUOTIENT-PULLBACKABLE AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if, for every abelian-quotient-pullbackable automorphism σ of G, σ restricts to an automorphism of H. 
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are groups. We say that H is ABSOLUTELY NORMAL in K with respect to G if H is a normal subgroup of G. 
A p-group G is termed an ABSOLUTELY REGULAR P-GROUP if |G/℧¹(G)| ≤ p^(p − 1), where ℧¹(G) denotes the first agemo subgroup of G, i.e., the subgroup of G generated by g^(p), g ∈ G. 
A group is said to be ABSOLUTELY SIMPLE if it has no proper nontrivial serial subgroup. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed ACTION-ISOMORPH-FREE in G if H is a normal subgroup of G, and the following condition holds. 
Let N be an associative algebra over a field F with the property that for any x ∈ N, there exists y ∈ N such that x + y + xy = 0, then N is a radical ring. 
An automorphism of a group is said to be ALGEBRAIC if given any element of the group, the smallest subgroup containing that element which is invariant under the automorphism, is finitely generated. 
A subgroup of a group is termed an ALGEBRAIC SUBGROUP if it is an algebraic subset of the group, i.e., it is an intersection of finite unions of elementary algebraic subsets. 
A group is termed ALGEBRAICALLY CLOSED if every finite set of equations and inequations in the group that is consistent (i.e., the system has a solution in some bigger group containing the group) has a solution in the group itself. 
A group is termed an ALMOST QUASISIMPLE GROUP if it has a self-centralizing normal subgroup that is a quasisimple group. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an ALMOST SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP (or sometimes F-SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP) of G if there exists a chain H = H₀ ≤ H₁ ≤ H₂… ≤ H_(n) = G, such that for 0 ≤ i ≤ n − 1, H_(i) is either a normal subgroup or a subgroup of finite index in H_(i + 1). 
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 10, i.e., the alternating group on a set of size 10. This can be taken as the group on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10}. 
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 11, i.e., the alternating group on a set of size 11. 
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 12, i.e., the alternating group on a set of size 12. 
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 13, i.e., the alternating group on a set of size 13. 
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 14, i.e., the alternating group on a set of size 14. 
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 7, i.e., the alternating group on a set of size 7. In other words, it is the subgroup of symmetric group:S7 comprising the even permutations. 
This group is defined as the alternating group of degree 9, i.e., the alternating group on a set of size 9. This can be taken as the group on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9}. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AMALGAM-NORMAL-SUBHOMOMORPH-CONTAINING SUBGROUP if the amalgamated subgroup H is a normal-subhomomorph-containing subgroup in the amalgamated free product G*_(H)G. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed AMALGAM-STRICTLY CHARACTERISTIC if the amalgamated subgroup H is a strictly characteristic subgroup in the amalgamated free product G*_(H)G. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AMALGAMATED FREE FACTOR if either H is trivial or it is a factor in an internal amalgamated free product that is not of the form H*_(G)G -- in other words, there exists a proper subgroup K of G such that G is the internal amalgamated free product of H and K over H ∩ K. 
The group is defined as the amalgamated free product ℤ*_(2ℤ)ℤ, i.e., we take two copies of the group of integers, take their free product, and then take the quotient group by the identification of the subgroup 2ℤ. 
This group is defined as the amalgamated free product ℚ*_(ℤ)ℚ where ℚ is the group of rational numbers and ℤ is the group of integers, viewed naturally as a subgroup of the group of rational numbers. 
A group is said to be AMBIVALENT if every element in it is conjugate to its inverse. 
A discrete group G is termed an AMENABLE DISCRETE GROUP if there exists a function that assigns to each subset of G a real number in [0, 1]. 
Then, the APPROXIMATE NORMALIZER of g, denoted as N_(G)^(*)(g) is defined as the set of all elements t ∈ G for which there exist nonzero integers m, n such that t^( − 1)g^(m)t = g^(n). 
A group is said to be ARTINIAN or to satisfy the MINIMUM CONDITION on subgroups if every descending chain of subgroups stabilizes after a finite stage. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an ASYMPTOTICALLY FIXED-DEPTH JOIN-TRANSITIVELY SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP if there exists a natural number n such that for any k ≥ n, and any k-subnormal subgroup K of G, the join ⟨H, K⟩ is also a k-subnormal subgroup of G. 
A subgroup property p is termed an AUTO-INVARIANCE PROPERTY if there is a group-closed automorphism property q such that for any subgroup H ≤ G, H has property p in G, iff any automorphism of G satisfying property p, sends H to within itself. 
A subgroup of a group is termed an AUTOMORPH-COMMENSURABLE SUBGROUP if it is commensurable with all its automorphic subgroups. 
There is no standard name for this property, but both AUTOMORPH-CONJUGATE and INTRAVARIANT have been used. 
A subgroup of a group is termed AUTOMORPH-JOIN-CLOSED SUBNORMAL if the join of any collection of subgroups that are automorphic to it (i.e., its images under automorphisms of the whole group) is a subnormal subgroup. 
A subgroup of a group is termed AUTOMORPH-PERMUTABLE if it permutes with any subgroup obtained as the image of it under an automorphism of the whole group. 
Two subgroups of a group are AUTOMORPHS or AUTOMORPHIC SUBGROUPS if there is an automorphism of the whole group that maps one of the subgroups isomorphically to the other one. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed AUTOMORPHICALLY ENDOMORPH-DOMINATING if, for any endomorphism σ of G, there exists an automorphism φ of G such that σ(H) ≤ φ(H). 
The AUTOMORPHISM GROUP of a group is defined as a group whose elements are all the automorphisms of the base group, and where the group operation is composition of automorphisms. In other words, it gets a group structure as a subgroup of the group of all permutations of the group. 
This group is defined as the automorphism group of free group:F2 -- the free group of rank two. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed an AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL AEP-SUBGROUP if for every automorphism of H, there is a _unique_ automorphism of G whose restriction to H is that particular automorphism. 
A subgroup of a group is termed an AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both an automorphism-faithful subgroup and a normal subgroup of the whole group. 
A subgroup of a group is termed AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL if any nontrivial automorphism of the whole group that restricts to an automorphism of the subgroup, in fact restricts to a _nontriival_ automorphism of the subgroup. 
A group is termed a BFC-GROUP if there is a finite constant d such that no element in the group has more than d distinct conjugates. Such a group is also termed a d-BFC-group. 
The BAER-SPECKER GROUP is defined as the external direct product of countably many copies of the group of integers. 
A finite group is said to be BALANCED if the Brauer core of the centralizer of any involution is contained in the Brauer core of the whole group. 
A subgroup property is said to be a BALANCED SUBGROUP PROPERTY if it can be expressed via a function restriction expression with both the _left side_ and the _right side_ being equal. 
The BASE DIAGONAL OF A WREATH PRODUCT is the subgroup comprising those members of the base power where all coordinates are equal. In the language of functions, it is the subgroup comprising the constant functions. 
A subgroup G of a group K is termed a BASE OF A WREATH PRODUCT if K is expressible as an internal wreath product of G by some subgroup H. In other words, there exists a subgroup L of K with G that is a direct power of G (with G as one of the factors) and further, K is the semidirect product of L with a subgroup H that acts on L by permutations of the direct factors. 
A subgroup G of a group L is termed a BASE OF A WREATH PRODUCT WITH DIAGONAL ACTION if L can be expressed as an internal wreath product with diagonal action with G as base. In other words, L is an internal semidirect product of a direct power H of G (with G as one of the factors) and a subgroup K₁ × K₂ where K₁ acts by coordinate permutations and K₂ acts diagonally by automorphisms on each coordinate. 
The term BASIC LIE PRODUCT is used in the following context. Let A be the free associative algebra over the field of rational numbers ℚ using n generators x₁, x₂, …, x_(n). In other words, A = ℚ⟨x₁, x₂, …, x_(n)⟩. 
This group is defined as the Baumslag-Solitar group with parameters 1 and 2, i.e., the group BS(1, 2). Explicitly, it is defined by means of the following presentation: 
A _quantified word-letter pair_ is a word with a distinguished letter, with a sequence of (possibly nested) existential and universal quantifiers on all the other letters. An element g in a group G satisfies this pair if setting the distinguished letter equal to g, the nested expression is true in the group (where existential and universal quantifiers are interpreted over G). The subgroup corresponding to a quantified word-letter pair is defined as the subgroup generated by all elements of the group satisfying that pair. 
The BURNSIDE GROUP B(d, n) (sometimes called the FREE BURNSIDE GROUP) is defined as the quotient of the free group on d generators by the normal subgroup generated by all n^(th) powers. A Burnside group is a group that occurs as B(d, n) for some choice of d and n. 
This group is defined as the Burnside group with 2 generators and exponent 4. 
Explicitly, it is the quotient group of free group:F2 by relations that say that the fourth power of every element is the identity element. 
This group is the Burnside group with parameters 2,6. Explicitly it is defined as the quotient of free group:F2 by the normal subgroup generated by sixth powers of all elements. 
This group is defined as the Burnside group with parameters 4,3. In other words, it is the quotient of free group:F4 by the subgroup generated by all cubes in the group. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a C-CLOSED NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a c-closed subgroup (it equals the centralizer of its centralizer) and a normal subgroup (it is invariant under inner automorphisms). 
A group is said to be a C-GROUP if every subgroup in it is permutably complemented. 
A subgroup of a group is termed C-NORMAL if there is a normal subgroup whose product with it is the whole group and whose intersection with it lies inside its normal core. 
A group is termed a C1-GROUP if every cyclic subgroup is self-conjugate-permutable. 
A group is termed a CCP-GROUP or a _cyclic subgroups are conjugate-permutable_ group if every cyclic subgroup is conjugate-permutable. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CDIN-SUBGROUP, or is said to be CONJUGACY-DETERMINED IN NORMALIZER, if H is a conjugacy-determined subgroup in its normalizer N_(G)(H) relative to G. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CEP SUBGROUP (or a group with CONGRUENCE EXTENSION PROPERTY) if any normal subgroup of this subgroup is the intersection of this subgroup with a normal subgroup of the whole group. 
A group is said to be a CIA-GROUP if it can be expressed as a finite union of isomorphic Abelian groups (CIA stands for _covered by isomorphism Abelian_). 
An automorphism of a group is termed CS-EXTENSIBLE if it can be extended to an inner automorphism for every embedding of the group into the automorphism group of a characteristically simple group. 
σ is said to be CS-PUSHFORWARDABLE if for any homomophism ρ : G → Aut(N) where N is a characteristically simple group, there exists an inner automorphism ϕ of Aut(N) such that ϕ ∘ ρ = ρ ∘ σ. 
A group is said to be CSCFN-REALIZABLE if it can be realized as a CSCFN-subgroup of some group. 
A group is termed a CAMINA GROUP if every coset of the derived subgroup other than the commutator subgroup itself, forms exactly one conjugacy class. 
A Lie ring is termed a CANONICALLY LAZARD-DIVIDABLE LIE RING if there exists a Lazard-divided Lie ring structure with the Lie ring as underlying Lie ring, such that all the Lazard division operations are invariant under all automorphisms of the Lie ring. 
A Lazard-divided Lie ring is termed a CANONICALLY LAZARD-DIVIDED LIE RING if all the Lazard division operations are invariant under all the automorphisms of the underlying Lie ring. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CARTER SUBGROUP if it is a self-normalizing nilpotent subgroup. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CENTER OF PRONORMAL SUBGROUP if there exists a pronormal subgroup K of G such that H equals the center of K. 
An automorphism of a group is termed a CENTER-FIXING AUTOMORPHISM if it fixes every element of the center. 
The following are equivalent definitions of center-fixing automorphism-balanced subgroup. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTER-FIXING AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if every center-fixing automorphism of the whole group sends the subgroup to within itself. 
A CENTERLESS GROUP THAT IS UPWARD-CLOSED NORMAL IN ITS AUTOMORPHISM GROUP is defined as follows: it is a centerless group, and when it is embedded inside its automorphism group via the action by conjugation, every subgroup of the automorphism group containing it, is a normal subgroup of the automorphism group.  
An automorphism of a group is termed CENTRAL FACTOR-EXTENSIBLE if, for every embedding of the group as a central factor of a group, the automorphism can be extended to an automorphism of the bigger group. 
This group can be described as the central product of dihedral group:D8 and cyclic group:Z8 over a common cyclic central subgroup of order two. 
This group is defined as the central product of special linear group:SL(2,3) and cyclic group:Z4 with a common central cyclic group:Z2 identified (i.e., center of special linear group:SL(2,3) is identified with Z2 in Z4). 
This group is defined as the central product of special linear group:SL(2,5) (order 120) and special linear group:SL(2,7) (order 336) where we perform the unique identification of the centers of these two groups with each other. 
This group is defined as an external central product of unitriangular matrix group:UT(3,Z) with the group of rational numbers ℚ, where we identify the full center of the first group with the subgroup ℤ ≤ ℚ in the latter (see Z in Q). 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTRAL SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions: 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTRALIZER OF INVOLUTION if it occurs as the centralizer (in the whole group) of some involution (an involution here is an element of order two). 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CENTRALIZER-ANNIHILATING ENDOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP of G if, for every centralizer-annihilating endomorphism σ of G, σ(H) is contained in H. Here, a centralizer-annihilating endomorphism of G with respect to H is an endomorphism whose kernel contains the centralizer C_(G)(H). 
A group is said to be CENTRALIZER-CONNECTED if the centralizer of any element is either the whole group or has infinite index in the group., or equivalently, if every conjugacy class with more than one element has infinite size. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CENTRALIZER-FREE NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a centralizer-free subgroup of the whole group and a normal subgroup of the whole group. 
A subgroup of a group is said to be CENTRALIZER-FREE if its centralizer within the whole group is trivial. 
A subgroup of a group is termed CENTRALLY CLOSED or a CC-SUBGROUP if the centralizer of any non-identity element of the subgroup lies inside the subgroup. 
A nontrivial group is said to be CENTRALLY INDECOMPOSABLE if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions: 
Let P be a group of prime power order. A subgroup A of P is termed a CENTRALLY LARGE SUBGROUP or CL-SUBGROUP if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions: 
An automorphism σ of a group G is termed CHAIN-EXTENSIBLE if the following holds. Given the following data: 
Two conjugacy classes in a group are said to be CHARACTER-CONJUGATE if for every finite-dimensional indecomposable linear representation (and hence any finite-dimensional linear representation) of the group, the value that the character of the representation takes on both the conjugacy classes is equal. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTIC CORE OF SUBGROUP OF FINITE INDEX if it arises as the characteristic core of a subgroup of finite index in the whole group. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTIC DIRECT FACTOR if it is a characteristic subgroup as well as a direct factor. 
A subgroup of a group of prime power order is termed a CHARACTERISTIC MAXIMAL SUBGROUP OF GROUP OF PRIME POWER ORDER if it is a characteristic subgroup as well as a maximal subgroup (in particular, a maximal subgroup of group of prime power order). 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP OF CENTER if H is a central subgroup of G and is a characteristic subgroup _of_ the center of G. 
A subgroup of a group is said to be a CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP OF DIRECT FACTOR if it occurs as a characteristic subgroup of a direct factor of the whole group. 
A CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP OF FINITE INDEX is a subgroup of a group that is a characteristic subgroup as well as a subgroup of finite index, i.e., the index of the subgroup is finite, or equivalently, the quotient group is a finite group. 
A group property is termed CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP-CLOSED if whenever a group satisfies the property, so does every characteristic subgroup of that group. 
An automorphism of a group is said to be CHARACTERISTIC-EXTENSIBLE if, for every embedding of the group as a characteristic subgroup of a bigger group, the automorphism can be extended to the bigger group. 
A subgroup of a group is termed CHARACTERISTIC-ISOMORPH-FREE if it is a characteristic subgroup and there is no characteristic subgroup of the whole group isomorphic to it. 
A subgroup of a group is termed CHARACTERISTIC-POTENTIALLY CHARACTERISTIC if there is an embedding of the bigger group in some group such that, in that embedding both the group and the subgroup become characteristic. 
A subgroup H inside a group G is said to be characteristically DP-decomposable if we can express G as an internal direct product of subgroups G_(w) such that H is the internal direct product of all the H_(w) = H ∩ G_(w), and further, each H_(w) is characteristic in G_(w). 
A group G is termed a CHARACTERISTICALLY HOPFIAN GROUP if there is no nontrivial characteristic subgroup H of G for which the quotient group G/H is isomorphic to G. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTICALLY COMPLEMENTED CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if it is a characteristic subgroup and it has a permutable complement that is also a characteristic subgroup. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CHARACTERISTICALLY COMPLEMENTED NORMAL SUBGROUP or CHARACTERISTICALLY COMPLEMENTED DIRECT FACTOR if it is a direct factor in an internal direct product where the other direct factor is a characteristic subgroup. 
A group is termed CHARACTERISTICALLY METACYCLIC if it has a cyclic characteristic subgroup such that the quotient group is also a cyclic group. 
A group G is termed CHARACTERISTICALLY METACYCLIC if there exists a characteristic subgroup H of G such that both H and the quotient group (note that characteristic implies normal, so the quotient group does exist) G/H are cyclic groups. 
A group is termed CHARACTERISTICALLY POLYCYCLIC if there exists a characteristic series (i.e., a subgroup series where all the subgroups are characteristic) of finite length for the group, such that all the factor groups are cyclic groups. 
This group is defined as B₃(3), the Chevalley group of type B and parameter value 3 for field:F3. Explicitly, it is the kernel of the spinor norm map from special orthogonal group:SO(7,3). 
This group is denoted S¹, T, T¹ and is defined in a number of equivalent ways. 
An automorphism of a group is termed a CLASS-INVERTING AUTOMORPHISM if it sends every element to an element that is in the conjugacy class of its inverse. 
An automorphism of a group is termed a CLASS-PRESERVING AUTOMORPHISM or CLASS AUTOMORPHISM if it takes each element to within its conjugacy class. In symbols, an automorphism σ of a group G is termed a CLASS AUTOMORPHISM or CLASS-PRESERVING AUTOMORPHISM if for every g in G, there exists an element h such that σ(g) = hgh^( − 1). The choice of h may depend on g. 
A subgroup of a group is said to be a COCENTRAL SUBGROUP OF NORMALIZER if it is a cocentral subgroup of its normalizer. 
An automorphism σ of a finite group G is termed a COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM for G if every prime dividing the order of σ (viewed as an element of the automorphism group of G) also divides the order of G. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a COFACTORIAL AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP if it is invariant under all the cofactorial automorphisms of the whole group. 
Suppose p is a prime number and 𝒮 is a collection of finite p-groups. Suppose α is a property of finite p-groups. We say that 𝒮 satisfies a PROPERTY-CONDITIONAL CONGRUENCE CONDITION for property α if, for any group P satisfying property α, the number of subgroups of P isomorphic to elements of 𝒮 is either zero or congruent to 1 modulo p. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a COMMUTATOR OF A NORMAL SUBGROUP AND A SUBSET if there exists a normal subgroup N of G and a subset S of G such that H is the commutator [N, S], i.e., the subgroup generated by all the commutators between elements of N and elements of S. 
A subgroup property p is termed COMMUTATOR-CLOSED if the commutator of any two subgroups, each of which has property p in the whole group, also has property p in the whole group. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a COMMUTATOR-IN-CENTRALIZER SUBGROUP if the commutator [G, H] is contained in the centralizer C_(G)(H), or equivalently, [[G, H], H] is trivial. 
A group is termed COMMUTATOR-REALIZABLE if it can be realized as the commutator subgroup of some group. 
A subgroup of a group is a COMMUTATOR-VERBAL SUBGROUP if there is a set of words, each having the format of a commutator involving its letters and their inverses, such that the subgroup is precisely the subgroup generated by all the elements of the group expressible using those words. 
 ↦ gφ(g) is also a bijection. 
Suppose G is a group. A subgroup H of G is termed COMPLETELY DIVISIBILITY-CLOSED if the following holds: for any prime number p such that G is p-divisible, and any g ∈ H, _all_ p^(th) roots of g in G lie inside H. 
Let G be a group and H and K be subgroups of G. We say that H and K are COMPLETION-EQUIVALENT if for any subgroup U, HU = G ⇔ KU = G. 
A group is termed COMPOSITION FACTOR-PERMUTABLE if it is of finite composition length and, for every possible ordering of its composition factors, there exists a composition series achieving that ordering of the composition factors. 
A group is said to be COMPOSITION FACTOR-UNIQUE if the order in which its composition factors occur is the same for every composition series. 
Given two subgroup properties p and q, the composition operator applied to these properties, denoted as p * q, is the property defined as follows: H has the property p * q as a subgroup of G if there is an intermediate subgroup K such that H satisfies p as a subgroup of K and K satisfies q as a subgroup of G. 
A group is said to be COMPOSITION SERIES-UNIQUE if it has a unique composition series. In the case of a finite group, this can be expressed inductively as saying that that group is one-headed and that the _head_ (viz the unique maximal normal subgroup) is itself composition series-unique. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a COMPOSITION SUBGROUP if there is a composition series starting at the subgroup and ending at the whole group. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed COMPRESSED if for any subgroup K of G containing H, the rank of H is not more than the rank of K. 
A CONGRUENCE ON A GROUP is an equivalence relation on the elements of the group that is compatible with all the group operations. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CONJUGACY-CLOSED CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if it is both a conjugacy-closed subgroup (i.e., any two elements of the subgroup that are conjugate in the whole group are conjugate in the subgroup) and a characteristic subgroup. 
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGACY-CLOSED if any two elements of the subgroup that are conjugate in the whole group are also conjugate in the subgroup. A conjugacy-closed subgroup is also sometimes termed C-CLOSED, but now c-closed subgroup has a different meaning. 
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are groups. We say that H is CONJUGACY-DETERMINED in K relative to G, or that K contains fusion of elements of H in G, if two elements of H are conjugate in K if and only if they are conjugate in G. 
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGATE-COMMENSURABLE if it is commensurable with each of its conjugate subgroups. Equivalently, its commensurator in the whole group is the whole group. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CONJUGATE-COMPARABLE SUBGROUP if it is comparable with each of its conjugate subgroups, in other words, every conjugate subgroup to it either contains it or is contained in it. 
A subgroup property p is termed CONJUGATE-JOIN-CLOSED if the join of a nonempty collection of conjugate subgroups satisfying p, also satisfies p. Note that any two subgroups in the collection must be conjugate; however, the collection need not include all members of that conjugacy class of subgroups. 
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGATE-JOIN-CLOSED SUBNORMAL if the join of any collection of conjugate subgroups to it is a subnormal subgroup. 
A subgroup of a group is said to be CONJUGATE-LARGE if any subgroup all of whose conjugates intersect it trivially must be the trivial subgroup. 
A subgroup of a group is termed CONJUGATE-PERMUTABLE if it permutes with every conjugate of itself, or equivalently, if its product with every conjugate of it is a subgroup. 
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are groups, then H is a CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY EMBEDDED NORMAL SUBGROUP of K with respect to G if H is a normal subgroup of K, and further, if L is a conjugate subgroup to K containing H, then there exists an isomorphism σ : K → L such that σ(H) = H. 
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G are subgroups. We say that H is CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY EMBEDDED in K with respect to G if, for any conjugate L of K in G that contains H, there is an isomorphism σ : K → L such that σ(H) = H. 
Suppose H ≤ K ≤ G. We say that H is CONJUGATION-INVARIANTLY RELATIVELY NORMAL in K with respect to G if H is a normal subgroup in every conjugate of K in G that contains H. 
Let G be a group of prime power order. 
The group, denoted Co₁, is defined as the inner automorphism group of Co₀ (see Conway group:Co0), which in turn is defined as the automorphism group of the Leech lattice. 
This group, denoted Co₂, is defined as the subgroup of Conway group:Co0 (the automorphism group of the Leech lattice) that is the isotropy subgroup of the nonzero vector of length 4 in the lattice. 
This group, denoted Co₃, is defined as the subgroup of Conway group:Co0 (the automorphism group of the Leech lattice) comprising the automorphisms that fix a particular vector of length 6, i.e., the isotropy subgroup of length 6. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a coprime automorphism-faithful subgroup and a normal subgroup of the whole group. 
A subgroup H of a finite group G is termed COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-FAITHFUL if, given any non-identity automorphism σ ∈ Aut (G) such that σ(H) = H, and such that the order of σ is relatively prime to the order of G, σ acts nontrivially on H. Equivalently, any coprime automorphism group of G that acts trivially on G must be trivial. 
A subgroup of a finite group is termed a COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT NORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both normal and coprime automorphism-invariant: it is invariant under all coprime automorphisms of the whole group. 
Suppose G is a finite group and H is a subgroup of G. We say that H is a COPRIME AUTOMORPHISM-INVARIANT SUBGROUP of G if, for any automorphism σ of G whose order is relatively prime to the order of G, we have σ(H) = H. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CORE-FREE 2-SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a core-free subgroup (i.e., its normal core is trivial) and a subnormal subgroup. 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CORE-FREE PERMUTABLE SUBGROUP if it is both core-free (i.e., its normal core is trivial) and permutable (i.e., quasinormal). 
A subgroup of a group is termed core-free if it satisfies the following equivalent conditions: 
A subgroup of a group is termed a CORE-FREE SUBNORMAL SUBGROUP if it is both a core-free subgroup (i.e., its normal core is trivial) and a subnormal subgroup. 
Suppose G is a group. We say that G is a COUNTABLY FREE GROUP if every countable subgroup of G is a free group. 
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 128 = 2⁷, denoted C₁₂₈, ℤ₁₂₈, or ℤ/128ℤ. 
The CYCLIC GROUP OF ORDER SIXTEEN, denoted C₁₆, ℤ₁₆ or sometimes ℤ/16ℤ, is the cyclic group having 16 elements. In other words, it is the quotient of the group of integers ℤ by the subgroup 16ℤ of multiples of 16. 
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 243 = 3⁵, and is denoted $\Z_{243}$, C₂₄₃ or $\Z/243\Z$. 
This group, denoted $C_{27}, \Z_{27}, \Z/27\Z$, is defined as the cyclic group of order 27. 
This group, denoted C₃₂, ℤ₃₂, or $\Z/32\Z$, is the cyclic group of order 32. 
The cyclic group of order 4 is defined as a group with four elements e = x⁰, x¹, x², x³ where x^(l)x^(m) = x^(l + m) where the exponent is reduced modulo 4. In other words, it is the cyclic group whose order is four. 
The cyclic group of order 3 is defined as the unique group of order 3. 
Equivalently it can be described as a group with three elements e = x⁰, x, x² where x^(l)x^(m) = x^(l + m) with the exponent reduced mod 3. 
The cyclic group of order 6 is defined as the group of order six generated by a single element. 
Equivalently it can be described as a group with six elements e = x⁰, x, x², x³, x⁴, x⁵ where x^(l)x^(m) = x^(l + m) with the exponent reduced mod 3. 
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 64 = 2⁶. 
This group, denoted $C_7, \Z_7, \Z/7\Z$ is defined as the cyclic group of order 7, i.e., the group of integers modulo n where n = 7. 
Equivalently, it is the additive group of the field of seven elements. 
The CYCLIC GROUP OF ORDER EIGHT, denoted C₈, ℤ₈, or ℤ/8ℤ, is defined as the cyclic group of order eight, i.e., it is the quotient of the group of integers ℤ by the subgroup 8ℤ of multiples of eight. 
This group is defined as the cyclic group of order 81. 
This group, denoted $C_9, \Z_9, \Z/9\Z$, is defined as the cyclic group of order 9. 
A CYCLIC NORMAL SUBGROUP OF FINITE GROUP is a cyclic normal subgroup (i.e., a normal subgroup that is also a cyclic group) of a finite group. 
A group is said to be a CYCLIC-CENTER GROUP if its center is a cyclic group. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed CYCLONORMAL if for any g ∈ G \ H, the intersection H ∩ gHg^( − 1) is either the trivial group, or a cyclic subgroup. 
A CYCLOTOMIC GROUP is a group which occurs as the Galois group of a cyclotomic field extension. 
A subgroup of a group is said to be a DRC-subgroup if its characteristic closure is the direct product of itself with subgroups isomorphic to it, viz its characteristic closure is a direct power of it, or equivalently, if it is a direct root in its characteristic closure.  
Suppose G is a group and H = G^(S) is an unrestricted external direct product of |S| copies of G.
Equivalently, H can be thought of as the group of functions from S to G with the group operations performed pointwise. 
The diagonal subgroup is the subgroup comprising the constant functions from S to G, or equivalently, the elements of H with all coordinates equal. 
This group is defined as the dicyclic group of order 20, and hence degree 5. 
This group is defined as the dicyclic group of order 24 (hence, degree 6). 
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order ten. In other words, it is the semidirect product of the cyclic group of order five and a cyclic group of order two. 
This group, usually denoted D₁₂ (though denoted D₆ in an alternate convention) is defined in the following equivalent ways: 
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order 128 = 2⁷ or, equivalently, the dihedral group of degree 64 = 2⁶. 
The group is defined as the dihedral group of degree 7 and hence order 14. It is given explicitly by the presentation: 
The DIHEDRAL GROUP ​D₁₆, sometimes denoted D₈, also called the DIHEDRAL GROUP OF ORDER SIXTEEN or the DIHEDRAL GROUP OF DEGREE EIGHT or the DIHEDRAL GROUP ACTING ON EIGHT ELEMENTS, is a dihedral group defined by the presentation: 
The group is defined as the dihedral group of order math>18 and degree 9.
This group is the dihedral group of order 24. 
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order 256 = 2⁸ and degree 128 = 2⁷. 
This group is defined as the dihedral group of order 64 = 2⁶ (or equivalently, the dihedral group of degree 32 = 2⁵). 
An automorphism of a group is said to be DIRECT FACTOR-PRESERVING if it takes each direct factor to itself, that is, if every direct factor is invariant under the automorphism. 
A subgroup H of a group G is termed a DIRECT POWER-CLOSED CHARACTERISTIC SUBGROUP if for every cardinal α, the subgroup H^(α) inside the direct power G^(α) (using the external direct product) is a characteristic subgroup of G^(α). 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A4 and alternating group:A4 (i.e., two copies of the same group). Equivalently, it is the square (in the direct power sense) of alternating group:A4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A4 and dihedral group:D8. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A4 and elementary abelian group:E8. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A4 and the quaternion group of order eight. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A4 and symmetric group:S3. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the alternating group of degree four A₄ and the Klein four-group V₄ (the elementary abelian group of order 4). The group is denoted A₄ × V₄ or A₄ × E₄. 
This group can be defined as the external direct product of the alternating group of degree 4 and the cyclic group of order 3. 
This group of order 48 is defined as the external direct product of the alternating group of degree four and the cyclic group of order four. It may be denoted as A₄ × ℤ₄ or A₄ × C₄. 
This group is defined in the following equivalent ways: 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A4 and cyclic group:Z5. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A4 and cyclic group:Z8. 
This group can be defined in a number of equivalent ways: 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A5 and Klein four-group (which in turn is the direct product of two copies of cyclic group:Z2). 
In symbols, it is denoted A₅ × V₄ where A₅ stands for the alternating group of degree five and V₄ stands for the Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A5 and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A5 (a simple non-abelian group of order 60) and cyclic group:Z7 (a group of order 7). 
This group is defined as the external direct product of alternating group:A6 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group:D16 and the Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the direct product of dihedral group of order sixteen and cyclic group of order two. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: dihedral group:D16 and cyclic group:Z3. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group:D32 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is constructed as the external direct product of two copies of the dihedral group of order eight (and degree four). 
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group:D8 and elementary abelian group:E8. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group:D8 (the dihedral group of degree four and order eight) and quaternion group (the quaternion group of order eight). 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: dihedral group:D8 and symmetric group:S3. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the dihedral group of order eight and the cyclic group of order three. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the dihedral group of order eight and cyclic group of order four. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group:D8 and cyclic group:Z5. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of dihedral group:D8 and cyclic group:Z7. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the dicyclic group of order 12 and the cyclic group of order 2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the elementary abelian group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order four. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the elementary abelian group of order eight and the cyclic group of order four. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of M16 and the Klein four-group. 
The DIRECT PRODUCT OF M16 AND Z2 is defined as the group obtained as the external direct product of the group M16 and the cyclic group of order two. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: M16 and cyclic group:Z3. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the group M16 (which is a semidirect product of cyclic group:Z8 and cyclic group:Z2 acting via the multiplication by five map) and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the semidirect product of Z9 and Z3 (the unique non-abelian group of order 27 and exponent 9) and the cyclic group of order three. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of M32 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: generalized quaternion group:Q16 and Klein four-group. Equivalently, it is the product of one copy of generalized quaternion group:Q16 and two copies of cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the generalized quaternion group:Q16 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: generalized quaternion group:Q16 and cyclic group:Z3. 
This group can be defined as the external direct product of generalized quaternion group:Q16 and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the two following two groups: generalized quaternion group:Q32 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group can be defined as the external direct product of two copies of the quaternion group (which is a group of order eight). 
This group is defined as an external direct product of the following two groups: quaternion group and symmetric group:S3. 
The group is the direct product of the quaternion group (of order eight) and the Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the quaternion group (of order eight) and the cyclic group of order three. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the quaternion group (of order eight) and the cyclic group of order four. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: the quaternion group of order 8 and cyclic group:Z5. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the symmetric group of degree three and the cyclic group of order four. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group:S4 and Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group:S4 and cyclic group:Z3. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group:S4 and cyclic group:Z4. 
This is defined as the external direct product of symmetric group:S4 and cyclic group:Z5. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: semidihedral group:SD16 and Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the semidihedral group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order two. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: semidihedral group:SD16 and cyclic group:Z3. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of semidihedral group:SD16 and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: semidihedral group:SD32 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group:SL(2,3) and the Klein four-group. It may be denoted SL(2, 3) × V₄. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group:SL(2,3) (the special linear group of degree two over field:F3, the field of three elements) and cyclic group:Z2 (the cyclic group of two elements). It is denoted SL(2, 3) × ℤ₂ or SL(2, 3) × C₂. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group:SL(2,3) and cyclic group:Z3. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group:SL(2,3) and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of special linear group:SL(2,5) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: central product of D8 and Z4 (GAP ID: (16,13)) and Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the central product of D8 and Z4 (which is SmallGroup(16,13)) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of central product of D8 and Z4 (GAP ID:(16,13)) and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup(16,3) and Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup(16,3) and the cyclic group of order two. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup(16,3) and cyclic group:Z3. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup(16,3) and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of nontrivial semidirect product of Z4 and Z4 (GAP ID: (16,4)) and Klein four-group. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup(16,4) and the cyclic group of order two. 
This group is defined as an external direct product of nontrivial semidirect product of Z4 and Z4 (GAP ID:(16,4)) and cyclic group:Z4. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: nontrivial semidirect product of Z4 and Z8 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as an external direct product of the following two schools: semidirect product of Z8 and Z4 of semidihedral type (GAP ID: (32,13)) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: semidirect product of Z8 and Z4 of dihedral type (GAP ID: (32,14)) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup(32,2) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of SmallGroup(32,24) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: SmallGroup(32,27) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: SmallGroup(32,33) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: semidirect product of Z8 and Z4 of M-type (GAP ID:(32,4)) and cyclic group:Z2. Explicitly, it is given by the presentation: 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: inner holomorph of D8 (GAP ID: (32,49), also the extraspecial group of order 32 and "+" type) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the following two groups: central product of D8 and Q8, also the extraspecial group of "-" type and order 32 (GAP ID: (32,50)) and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the group of integers (which is, up to isomorphism, the unique infinite cyclic group) and the cyclic group of order two. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 16 and Klein four-group (i.e., the elementary abelian group of order four). 
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order two. 
This group can be defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order sixteen and the cyclic group of order four. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order 27 and the cyclic group of order three. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 27 and the cyclic group of order 9. It is thus the abelian group for the prime p = 3 corresponding to the partition 5 = 3 + 2. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 32 and cyclic group of order 2. 
The DIRECT PRODUCT OF Z4 AND Z2 is an abelian group of order eight obtained as the external direct product of cyclic group:Z4 and cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is obtained as the external direct product of two copies of cyclic group:Z4 and one copy of cyclic group:Z2. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order six and the cyclic group of order four. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of cyclic group:Z8 and dihedral group:D8. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order eight and the elementary abelian group of order eight. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order eight and the Klein four-group. 
This group is the direct product of the cyclic group of order eight and cyclic group of order four. 
This group is a finite abelian group of order 2⁷ = 128 given as the direct product of cyclic group:Z8, cyclic group:Z4, and Klein four-group. 
This group can be defined in the following equivalent ways: 
This group can be defined as the external direct product of two copies of the cyclic group of order eight. 
The group is defined as the external direct product of the cyclic group of order 81 and the cyclic group of order 3. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order 9 and elementary abelian group of order 9. Equivalently, it is the direct product of the cyclic group of order 9 and two copies of the cyclic group of order 3. 
This group is defined as the direct product of the cyclic group of order 9 and the cyclic group of order 3. 
This group is defined as the direct product of two copies of the cyclic group of order nine. 
This group is defined as the external direct product of two copies of the cyclic group of order 9 and one copy of the cyclic group of order 3. 
A group is termed a DIRECT PRODUCT OF FINITE GROUPS if it is isomorphic to the external direct product of a collection of (possibly infinitely many) finite groups. 